You know what I do is write for children, and in fact, I'm probably the author for children, more read in the United States.
And I always tell the people I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can dress as a farmer, or with leather clothes, and nobody has ever chosen an farmer.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and epilepsy.
And you know that an episode generally is something that came somewhere.
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as an epiphany.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bollywood.
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the '60s in the middle school, in State, Ohio where I was the weird of the class.
When they were beaten to bleed every week in the kids' bathroom, until a teacher saved my life.
She saved my life by letting me go into the bathroom of the teacher room.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
And I had to go from town.
He had a thumb, and 85 dollars, and ended in San Francisco, California -- I found a lover -- and in the 1980s, I felt the need to start working on organizations that fought AIDS.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night I received a phone call of that teacher, the lady Post he said,``I need to see you.
I'm disillusioned that we never get to know us.
You could come to Ohio, and please bring that man who I know you've already found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to bet this please . ''
Well, the next day we were in Cleveland.
We went to see, we laughed, we cried, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found it a place, we put it into the place, and we take it, and we would get rid of her family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman I wanted to know as an adult came to meet me, it became a box of ashes and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed, it had become a circle -- and that episode that I talked to you about in itself.
The epilepsy is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I saved her.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy that today was talked about this.
It also needs -- it needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separate from nature and that everything is interconnected.
I first went to Antarctica almost 10 years ago, and I saw my first teams.
I was amazed.
My quick heart heart, I was dizzy, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The tables around me are just hanging out of the water almost 60 feet, and I couldn't be able to think that it was a snowflake on another soup of snow year after year.
The roofs are born when they're wasted from glaciers or break the ice walls.
Each iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them refuse to give up and mate to the end, whereas others can't support it more and fall into a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, when you see a iceberg, which are isolated and lonely, as we see ourselves as humans.
But the reality is all the opposite.
As a iceberg melts, I'm breathing its ancestral atmosphere.
As a iceberg is melts, it releases rich freshwater in minerals that feed many forms of life.
I approach these tables as if it was about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that in these unique moments they exist in this way, and they won't exist that again again.
It's not death when you melt; it's not an end, but a continuation of your path for the cycle of life.
Part of the ice of the tables that photography is very young -- it has a couple thousand years.
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years.
The last pictures I'd like to show you are from a piece that I photographed in Kexonders, Greenland.
It's unlikely to get really to press a route iceberg.
Here it is.
You can see the left one little boat.
It's about five feet.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your floating line.
You can see here, it starts to roll, the boat has moved into the other side and the man is standing there.
This is a territory of Greenland, average size.
It's about 120 feet or 40 feet.
This video is in real time.
And so no, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two partners in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, each one of us being a baby . Okay.
So two couples each with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about the conception itself, you're not going to pay attention.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And in this stage I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and the sperm joins the X chromosome of the egg.
And in the other case, the X chromosome of sperm is attached to the X chromosome of the egg.
They both press and start life.
We'll go back to talk about them later.
In my own activity, I'll get two roles.
In one of my roles, I work with the history of anatomy.
I'm a training historian, and what I study in this case is the way people took the anatomy -- to say, from human and animal bodies, how the body fluids have been considered, the idea of the body -- what have thought about the body.
The other role that I play in my work is the activist of patients, or, as I say sometimes, impatient advocate of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
Now, I've been working, for example, with some of the time twins, two people within one body.
I've worked with people with animals -- much lower people than the average.
And I've worked with a lot of people with outliers, individuals whose physical technology doesn't fit in the male schools and conventional female schools.
In general lines, we can call it interpretation.
The interpretation adopted many forms.
I'm going to put some examples in ways of having a sex that doesn't emphasize the male or female forms.
For example, it's the case of the individual communication base whose gene Mr. chromosome and tells the prototypes, that we all have in the fetal life, which become testicles.
And then, in fecal life, testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual lack of testosterone receptors, the body doesn't react to the same . .
It's the syndrome of insecurity.
So, there are high levels of testosterone, but no reaction.
As a consequence, the body develops on a typical female course.
When the baby is born, the baby looks like a child.
It's a girl . It's raised as a girl.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing and developing the breasts, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when somebody realizes that something is happening.
After doing tests, you realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus, it actually has testicles and a chromosome and.
The important thing to understand is that you can think that it's a man, but it's actually not.
Women, like men, have in the body called supplied glands.
They're in the back of the body.
Super-male glands produce anti-generations, the hormone of the masculinity.
Most women like me, I consider a typical woman; it doesn't know its chromosome structure; I think being a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to the ancestors.
We produce anti-generations and respond to the Iranians.
As a consequence, someone like me has the brain more exposed to the prisoners that the woman who was born with testicles who have the sensitivity syndrome to the Iranians.
So sex is complicated . It's not that the intensity is in the middle of the spectrum -- some form can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago, I received a call from a 19-year-old boy born and raised as you would vary; I had girlfriend, and sexual relationships with her, I took a life as a boy and just discovered that I had ovaries and uterus.
It had an extreme form of a disease known as supply hospital.
He had 20th century, and in the uterus, the supply glands were so active that, essentially, they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their genitals were male, their brain was exposed to the typically male component.
I was born with a child; no one's suspicious.
And it was 19 years old when I started having medical problems caused by the internal menstrual, when doctors discovered that, in fact, it was a woman inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of interpretation.
Some people with 20th chromosomes develop what's known as optimism, which is to say, they have a local tissue wrapped in testicular tissue.
We don't know why it happens.
So, there are many varieties of sex.
The reason that children with these kinds of bodies are standing, or sexies, or instants, they get to normal surgery is not in order to get a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason that you get to various surgeries is that they are a threat for our social categories.
The system is usually based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings up a particular identity.
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity; supposedly, being black means to have African anatomy in historical terms.
A terrible idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with category.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about the individual.
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic individuals.
Imagine how surprising it is to have children who are born as two people within one body.
The most logical case is last year with the South African corridor Cambridge Second; he put his sex in the Berlin International Games.
A lot of journalists called to ask yourself,``What are you going to do to determine whether Casey semen is man or woman? ''
And I had to explain to journalists that there is no such trial.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we need to admit that nature doesn't take a blank line between men and women or men and interesting and women and interruptions -- we are us who we take that line.
So, what we have is a situation in which the more science you move, the more we have to admit that these categories -- that we think were stable anatomy categories that correspond directly with stable identity categories -- are much more diffuse than we thought.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also, in terms of race, something that happens much more complicated than the terminology allows.
As we see, we get into a crazy terrain.
Let's look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of DNA with chimpanzees.
What are we going to do to make a difference from them in just a few nucleotides?
And as we progress in science, we get more and more in an awkward zone where we need to recognize that simple categories that we're probably doing is too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the changes of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and at the end of life.
It's hard to find a moment from which one body becomes human and has different rights to the fetus of the fetus.
There are very sticking discussions today, not in public, but I know within medicine, it's about when someone is considered dead.
Our ancestors never had to go through this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of them put a pen in front of the nose, and if it moved still, they didn't know it.
If I stopped moving it out.
But today we can, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them in another body.
And as a consequence, we should face the dilemma of really determining someone's death, and this puts us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And maybe you think that this explosion of categories could get someone like me.
In politics, I'm a progressive, by defending people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I'm nervous.
I'm going to realize that these categories are much more unstable than we thought I was tense.
The tense of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I'm a female fan of the French parents.
I know they were racist, I know they were sexist, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and bold and so radical in what they did, that I find myself every so much looking at that music,``1776 ,"and not for music, which is totally scalable.
That's why it happened in 1977 with the founders of the Foundation.
The founding parents were, for me, the first activists of anatomy and explains why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept and replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And as everybody remembers, what our founding parents were rejected was the idea of monarchy, and the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy.
Old world monarchs didn't know the DNA, but they had clear the idea of birth of birth.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that it was coming into the political power by the right of blood, transmitted from grandfather to father and then to the son, etc.
The founding parents rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomy concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They dropped the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the common anatomy and not the anonymous differences . That was a very radical thing.
And in part they were doing it because they were part of an illustrated system that they were spending two things.
It was getting democracy, and at the same time, science was born.
And it's very clear, if we look at the history of the founding parents, that many were very interested in science and in the idea of a natural world.
They were distance from the supernatural explanations, and therefore they rejected the concept of supernatural power that goes from a vague, big idea of birth.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if you look, for example, the Declaration of Independence, talk about nature and the god of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consequence, we were taking the idea of anonymous coincidence.
And in doing that, they were sitting the basis of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think that way, but they did it for us, and it was great.
And what happens years later?
And women succeeded.
Then he came up with the success of the Civil Rights Movement with people from South Turkey, who said,``Am I not a woman? ''
We found men in the rows of the Civil Rights Movement saying,``I'm a man . ''
Again, color people who appealed to the anatomy of anatomical difference, and again, they succeeded.
We see the same with the disability movement.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the coincidence we have to start asking why we keep certain divisions.
But, attention, I want to keep some anatomical divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights than a human.
I don't mean that we should lie to the anatomy.
I don't mean that the five-year-old children had to allow them to have sex or marry.
There are some anatomical divisions that for me, and I think we should keep.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why to keep it and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two creatures at the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both concepts in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day.
Imagine one of them, Mary, was born three months before time: June 1 , 1980.
Henry, in contrast, was born in terms: I was born on March 1 from 1980.
For the only fact that I've been born three months before Mary is attributed all three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent, the right to the vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age, but because it was born later.
We found other weirdness in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered man, while I haven't told you if it's X, in virtue of being considered a man now, it's possible for the mandatory embodiment that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary, on the side, doesn't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all the states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So still, they're still personally categories that in various ways are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that science advanced so much in the field of the anatomy that we came to the point of having to admit that a developing democracy could be reduced?
I don't want to give up to science, but at the same time, sometimes I feel like science will get us up.
Where are we going?
It seems like what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude:``Well, we have to draw the line somewhere, so we're going to do it . ''
But many people are trapped in a rare position.
For example: Texas at some time has decided that to marry a man doesn't have to have chromosomes and to marry a woman, you have to have chromosomes.
Now, in practice, they don't make people chemicals.
But this is also very strange, given the story that I told you at the beginning of the insect syndrome to the Iranians.
If we look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech,``I'm going to drink a solution . ''
It says that we should judge people``based not in the color of their skin, but in the content of their character ,"going beyond anatomy.
And I want to say,``Yes, the idea looks very good . ''
But in practice, how do you do?
How do you judge people based on the content of their character?
I want to point out that I'm not sure that I'm not sure we should be based on this to guarantee people's rights, because I have to admit that I know from some of the investors that probably deserve the social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some of the words I know can make more informed, intelligent and mature decisions on their sex relationships than people from 40 I know.
So, how do you put the topic of the character content?
It's very difficult.
And one part of me is wondering what would happen if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic resonance.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States continues to lead this current thinking of relationship to democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we'll make a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like the Iranian in which a man feels attracted by other men is susceptible to be killed, unless he's willing to get to a sex change, in which case is allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked to a couple years ago that I had done a couple of years ago, who had made light twins to then separate them and so on.
But when the phone asked the reason for the operation, I was a very risky operation, and I was told that in that other country, these kids would be very battered and therefore had to do it.
I said,``Well, has the political asylum instead of surgical separation? ''
The United States provides enormous possibilities to people to be who they are without forcing for the sake of the state.
So I think we need to be in the head.
Well, to finish, I mean, I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be like, or as it might have been, if we had gotten more participation to the mothers.
And I want to say something a little radical for a feminist, and that is that I think there can be different ideas coming from different anatomical technologies, particularly if there are people thinking about it.
For years, since I've been interested in instability, I've also been interested in investigating sexual difference.
And one of the things that has interested me are the differences between men and women in the way to think and operate in the world.
And what we know about the traditional studies is that women, on average, not all, but in average they tend to pay more attention to the complex social relationships and to occupy those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
years ago, when I was on the graduate, one of my advisers I knew I was interested in the feminist -- I thought I was feminist, as I was now made a strange plant.
\" Tell me what feminism has . ''
And I thought,``It's the stupidest question I've ever heard.
The feminism has to do to get rid of gender stereotypes, so there's nothing female in feminism . ''
But the more I thought about the question, the more I thought there's something female in feminism.
I mean, there might be something, on average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attentive to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So, if the parents were very attentive to figure out how to protect people from the state, it's possible that, to have inject more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protective support.
And maybe that's what we need to do in the future when we take democracy beyond anatomy: think less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and think more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect unit, we think about what we do each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when each family thinks where it wants to go live and work, it has the possibility to choose between a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents.
Well, right now we're far from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't count a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is it's worth much more than their building cost.
So we could easily deliver the world, maybe hundreds, of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replace them by apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments were already property and that the other half still would be missing to do it.
You could try to increase the ability by making alignments in all the existing buildings.
But you know that the problem that you face is that those buildings and the areas around them have norms to avoid the molecules and the distribution distribution.
So it would be very difficult to do all of those ambitions.
But they could go to a completely new place, build a completely new apartment building, always, and when the rules of that place are easier instead of putting them out.
So I proposed that governments create new areas of big enough reform to contain cities and give them a name: cities under status.
Later I found out that more or less at the same time, Java and West were thinking about the challenge of reform Honduras.
They knew that every year about 75,000 governors would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009 Honduras, I went through a destructive constitutional crisis.
In the next regular elections, Pete wolves got away with a platform in which he promises reforms and at the same time reconciliation.
He asked Orie to be his boss of cabinet.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal.
Through a process of perfection, trial and error and a lot of testing with users, I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under status to their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those rules that say you can't go and bother all the current apartments of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but you need both of technologies as well as rules to progress, and usually it's the rules that prevent us forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala sent a link with the TEDTalk.
I showed it to Java.
They called me.
They said,``We put this to our country leaders . ''
So in December we met in Miami, in a conference room of a hotel.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of the terrain in a place like New York . Look at it -- land that, in some cases, worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion, and at some point, when there was a pause, he said,``Paul, maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk talk . ''
And the talk described in very simple terms that a city under status is a place where it starts with deposited terrain, a status that specifies the rules that will apply there and an option for people to choose whether they want to go or not to live under those norms.
So the president of Honduras called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the path for our country forward.
He asked me to go to TEDGlobal and talk about four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, that I was trying to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denver and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver.
Just this airport covers over 100 square kilometers.
So I was trying to convince the hormones that to build a new city, you have to start with a place that measures at least 1,000 square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
The whole world cleans.
The public faces were very serious and attentive.
The Congress leader came up to the platform and said,``Professor Rome, thank you very much for her talk, but maybe we could see the video of TEDTalk.
I have this in my computer . ''
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explained the essential thing; that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be a choice of a city that you could go to in Honduras, rather than hundreds of miles away from the North.
And I also include new options for leaders.
Because the Honduras government leaders would need help of associated countries, they could benefit from the associated countries that would help them set up and make the rules of the statue, so that they could all trust that the statue effectively becomes.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is there.
I could easily catch about 1,000 square miles.
And shortly after, on January 19th, they voted in Congress to turn their Constitution and add a constitutional device that allowed these to create these special development regions.
In a country that has just passed through this painful crisis, the vote in Congress, in favor of this constitution, was 125 to one.
All the parties, all the factions in society, they get caught.
To include the Constitution, you have to pass twice in Congress.
The 17th of February was passed again in another vote, from 144 to one.
Immediately after the vote, from 21 to 24, a delegation of about 30 governors went to the two places in the world that are more interested in participating in cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new center of the city that's building in South Korea; it's bigger than the Boston center.
All you see there was built in four years, after they spent four years, getting permission.
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've built two cities in China, and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this in practice, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that would allow the administrators to come, and at once allowed to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allow his Supreme Court to be the state-of-the-art court for this new court system.
There are urbanism and builders of cities that are very interested in the project.
You can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know already have solved is that they have a good number of inhabitants.
There are many companies who wanted to install the Americas, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there are a lot of people who would like to go live there.
In the world, there are 700 million people who say they would like to change immediately elsewhere.
There's a million a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave back to their family to go to get a job; sometimes they're mothers who have to earn money to just eat or buy clothes.
Sadly, sometimes even kids are trying to meet their parents who haven't seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what seems to think about building a new city in Honduras?
Or build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What seems to be thinking about insisting so that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my favorite friends asked me to say,``Thank you TED . ''
I'm Jesse, and this is my value.
But before I show you what's inside, I'm going to make a public confession, and that is, I live obsessed with the suits.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog, and they were colorful, colorful and different for each occasion.
But I don't buy anything new.
All my clothes is a second hand of pigeon markets and second hand stores.
Oh, thank you.
Second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my limb in the environment and in my wallet.
I get to meet interesting people; usually my money goes to a good cause -- my way is unique, and buying it becomes my personal search quest.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is it going to be my heel?
I will like color?

If all the answers are positive, then I feel that I won.
Going back to my value, I want to tell you what I packed for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what does anybody have all that clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought.
I've brought seven pairs of underwear, and nothing else.
So underwear for exactly a week is all I've put in my value.
I imagined that I would be able to find everything else I'd like to use after I got here to Palm Springs.
And because they don't know me as the woman who walks through TED in underwear, that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the sets for this week.
Doesn't it sound interesting?
As I do, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that, believe it or not, have learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with Sunday.
I call this brilliant tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see well.
You can almost see you phenomenal for less than 50 dollars.
The whole thing, including the jacket, was 55, and it's the most expensive thing I've ever used in the week.
Monday: color is energy.
It's almost essentially impossible to be bad humor, when you're looking at a brilliant red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars: The integration is survived.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time to integrate.
I just know yourself.
If you surrounded the right people, you won't only understand you, you will also appreciate you.
Wednesday: Guinea of the child who takes inside.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems like I play the disasters, or I remind you to their little age of seven.
I like to smile and say,``Thank you . ''
Thursday: trust is key.
If you think you're looking good with something, it's almost safe you are.
And if you think you don't look well with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years I really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside, you have no gaze you can't attract.
So there's no excuse for anybody in this audience.
We must be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Friday: One universal truth six words for you: The golden twins go with everything.
And finally, Saturday: To develop a personal, unique, single way of telling the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tested it over and over again when people came to me this week just by what I was using, and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously all of this is not going to go into my little value.
So before I go home, to Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave some things behind.
I don't need to be able to get these things emotionally, because around the corner, there will always be another crazy, colorful, brilliant suit waiting, if there's a little love in my heart and search.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we used a scale to measure the appetite of every hemisphere, we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who is completely logical.
This would be somebody who is totally intuitive.
So where would you fit your brain on this scale?
Some of these are going to take one of these extremes, but I think for most of the investors in this audience, their brain is something like this -- with a great appetite in both hemisphere at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually exclusive.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider one of those people, like most of the other experimental quantum physicists, we need quite logical to connect these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need quite intuition to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We get playing with them and then we see how they react, and then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
Now, some intuition that may have developed over the years is the one that says one thing can be only in a place at the same time.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you weren't born with this notion, they developed.
I remember watching a child playing in a parking bar.
It was a little kid, and he didn't do it very well, it always fell.
But I bet that playing with that parking bar of parking is a valuable lesson, and that is that big things don't allow them to climb them, and stay in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have the world, except you're a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with parking bars, they play with these strange particles.
And when they play with their particles, they find that they do all kinds of really rare things -- like they can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations, and they called it theory of quantum mechanics.
At that point, you found the physics some years ago; you needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you didn't need it to describe the big objects around us every day.
That didn't really fit my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, nobody saw a particle.
But it didn't fit my logical part either.
Because if everything is made of small particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't it all follow the principles of quantum mechanics?
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't . .
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow prove that a common object is also following the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see in a quantum mechanics overlap.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green point right in the middle.
That's the metal piece that I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to extend it a little bit . It's right at the center.
And then here we do a good approach to the little metal tree.
What we see is a little little piece of metal, and it's kind of transmitter and supported in a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I started working all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to make this kind of non-liter cap that's found under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum overlap, but to that need a little help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in an elevator alone, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people go up, I stop doing those things, because I don't want to bother them, or actually scare.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave the same way.
The travel partners of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that shuttle it and the wind that goes on its side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this piece of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to push all the other passengers.
And that's what we did.
We passed the lights, then we introduced a vacuum cleaners and we extracted all the air, and then we cooled it to a temperature of less than a degree above the absolute zero.
Now, when you're just in the elevator, the little piece of metal is free to act as you want.
So we measured their movements.
We discovered that it moves in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfect, I was vibrating, and the way I was vibrating was like a breath like this -- like a source that expands and contrast.
And when you give it a smooth puzzle, we could make it vibrate and don't vibrate at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that one thing is vibrating and doesn't vibrate at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case, all the trillions of atoms that make that metal piece are, and at the same time, those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just a certain number of things when they align.
In the rest of time they are declared.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which is at the same time that the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Right.
It's worth looking at a clean room to do this for all those years, because, look at this, the scale difference between one atom, and that metal piece is more or less the same as the difference between that metal piece and you.
So if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that metal piece can be in two different places, why don't you too?
I mean, it's my logical part.
So imagine if they were in various places at the same time, how would that be?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was declining in space?
There's another part of history.
And it's when we heat it, and we turn the lights and looked inside the box, we saw that the metal was still there in one piece.
And I could get to this new intuition, apparently all the objects in the elevator are actually only quantum objects that are just sitting in a small space.
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's deeper.
It's that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are, and that is the deep range of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Dimitri.
And 18 months ago, I did another job at Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss, and that allowed me to take it.
It took me 18 months.
Many negotiations and stories, I assure you, with 17 very interesting museums in nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on the demo.
There are lots of stories about why we did it.
I think my own story is simply explained in this slide, and this is access.
I grew up in India.
A lot of a great education, but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museums, I started learning a lot.
And working on Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
It's better than it shows the demo to then explain a couple of interesting things that we've taken from his launch.
So, simply: we go to Google.
Look around all the museums there are.
There is the Galding gallery, the MoMA, the Army, the Rumsfeld, the Van Gogh.
I'm actually going to go into one of my favorites, to Metrologist, the New York Art museum.
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple.
We click and, um, we're already inside the museum.
No matter where they are, Bombay or Mexico, that actually doesn't matter.
You move around and fun.
Would you want to navigate the museum?
We open the plane up, and with one click, we jump inside.
They're inside, they want to go at the end of the hallway.
Keep forward . They divide!
Explorer.
Thank you, but I haven't reached the best.
Now I'm standing in front of one of my favorite paintings,``The Sports"of Peter Brown at the Metropolitan.
I see the sign B.
If the museum shows us the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all the metadata information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call the geographical technology.
So this image, for example, contains, I think, about 10 million pixels.
And there are many people who ask me,``And what do you get with 10 million pixels? ''
So I'll show you what you really get with 10,000 million pixels.
It can be done in a very simple way.
You look at fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really wish to dive.
So I started playing, and I found something that happens there.
And I said,``A moment, this seems interesting . ''
I went into and discovered that children were actually playing something.
I got a little research, I talked to some people from the Metropolitan, and actually discovered that this is a game called [unclear], which is to hit a ocean with a stick on the Carnival Tuesday.
And it was very popular.
I don't know why they did it, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even deeper deep and see that you can actually get to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to get away the image, so you'll actually see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is to come, a second.
So now we're quickly going to jump at MoMA in New York City.
Here's another one of my favorites,``The night star . ''
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to see the paintbrush?
And if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this masterpiece?
It increases it, and it really makes it.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this picture, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is``the night star ,"I think I had never seen this before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There are a lot of things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part . It's called``collections . ''
All of you, absolutely all, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a mansion, that gives the same.
You can online your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we enter, -- I've created this function that I call``the power of the zoo ,"-- we've just made a zoo around.
This is``the ambassadors"in the London National Gallery.
You can take things, send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you're contemplating these masterpieces.
So in conclusion, I think that for me, the main thing is that all the amazing things really don't come from Google.
No, in my view, they even come from museums.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
They actually come from those artists.
And that's been my humility with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium, it does justice to his artwork, and it's represented properly online.
And the big question they ask me today is,``You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum? ''
And the answer is no.
It's to supplement the experience.
And that's all . Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon everybody.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a pixel, a flying pixel.
In our lab, we call it sensitive design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I'm from Italian origin, all the kids in Italy grow with this picture on the wall of their bedroom, but the reason I'm showing you this is that something really interesting happened in Formula 1 in the last two decades.
Now, some time ago, if you wanted to win a Formula 1, you took a budget and put it to a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you won the career.
This is what, in engineering, will be called real time control system.
It's essentially a system that has two components: a sensor and an accident.
Now what's interesting is that the real-time control systems are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered from networks and electronics.
They're becoming free computers.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and actions.
Trying to find cities is a big thing.
As a note, I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet's cortex, but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and even 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all these decisions and activists are entering our everyday objects.
This is from a Pauling Anatocal exhibition for years at MoMA, during the summer.
It's called``Talk to me . ''
Well, our objects, the environment, start talking.
It's kind of like almost all the existing atoms became sensors and actuators.
And that's completely changing the interaction that we have with the outside environment.
In a sense, it's almost like in the old dream of Michelangelo.
You know, when Michelangelo climbing the Moses, you say that at the end, I took the hammer and I put it to the Moses, and you can still see a little melody under it, and he said,``Didn't I talk? ''
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts talking to us.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples, and you insist the idea of capturing the environment and action something.
Let's start with detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer with the 2006.
It was the year in which Italy won the World Cup.
Maybe some of you remember it, play Italy and France, and at the end of Zimbabwe, he gave the head.
And anyway, at the end, I won Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at the activity of the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Coliseum in the middle and the Tar River.
It's morning, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
In the late afternoon there are people around and there making calls, moving.
It starts the party: silence.
Goliath from France . Gulf of Italy.
Meanwhile, people make a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time . End of the regular time.
First time, a second thing, second.
Eightly, and in a moment, your head.
won Italy, yes!!
That night they all went to celebrate the center.
There you see the big peak.
The next day they all went to the center of the winning team and the prime minister of then.
And then everybody goes down.
You see the picture of the place called circular Massachusett where, since the Roman age, people will celebrate; it's a great party, you can see the summit at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how the city pulse can be measured in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick sense of detection: it's not about people, it's about things that we use and consume.
Today we know all about the process of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac, how they assemble.
But we know very little about where things are going.
So in this project, we developed a little bit of small tags to track the trash for the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle a little more than a year ago, to tag what they were throwing -- different kinds of things, as you can see, things that anyway would throw.
Then we put a little chip, a tag, to the trash, and then we started tracking it.
These are the results.
From Seattle ...
after a week.
With this information, we realized that there are lots of inefficiencies in the system.
We can do the same thing with much less energy.
These are data that didn't exist before.
There are complicated things happening, and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing we believe is that if you look at every day that the cup that we throw doesn't disappear, that still is somewhere on the planet.
If the plastic bottle that we're throwing on a day is still there.
And if we show that to people, then we can promote some behavior change.
That was the reason for the project.
My colleague at MIT, Assaciation Bigger, could tell us much more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in Zambia.
It all started with a question of the city mayor, which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of the use of water in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology, new technology, will join that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a workshop, was: imagine that they have a cane and valves, violence, lines that open and close.
It's created like a water curtain, with water pixels.
If you drop the pixels, you can write on them, show patterns, images, text.
And when you zoom in, the curtain will open up so that we can pass, as you see in the image.
We presented this to Mayor Bell.
He liked a lot.
And it's a commission to design the building at the entrance of the expo.
We call it Digital Water Palestine.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows, but when you get open, you open so you can happen.
The ceiling is also covered with water.
And if there's a little bit of wind, if you want to minimize the jumps, you lower the roof.
Or you can close the building and all architecture disappears, like in this case.
These days there will always be somebody, in the winter, when the ceiling goes down, someone who was there and he said,``Give the building . ''
No, it's not that they have demolished it, but when it comes down almost every architecture disappears.
Here it is in work.
You see people integrated by what happens inside.
And here I am, I'm trying to try not to do the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All the children in Zambia came to the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let go, but a building that kept making cuts and holes of water, and you had to jump in order to get wet.
( People noise) And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think of the use that people will give to our designs.
But then the reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact, that people use.
This is a picture of the building with physical pixels, water pixels, and projections about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine that you could have little helicopter in the air, and that each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one we saw before, that moves with others in sync.
We could form this cloud.
Sort of flexible screen like this with normal configurations in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, that what changes is light, not the position of the pixels.
You can play with a different kind.
Imagine that the screen appears in different scales and sizes, in different kinds of resolution.
And then all of that could be a cloud of pixels in 3D that you can zoom in, and go through, and see from very diverse angles.
This is the real Flickr controlled, going down to form a V, like before.
When the light goes on, it looks at this . The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each one of them controlled by a person.
We can have each pixel with an input that comes from people, from people's movement, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bell -- one of the best ballet dancers of today, the New York City star and the School of Milan to capture their 3D movements and use them as entrance for the Flickr.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pixels, the capture in different resolution.
It's so much 3D digitization in real time as motion capture.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can go all the way.
And once we have the pixels, we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and rotation.
We want to use this as a possible input for the Flickr.
I wanted to show you the last project we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called La Cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment, as a cloud of clouds like the grain calf, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could get everybody to take a little bit for a pixel.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we go from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, as knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- the Obama campaign, we can go from the digital world, of self-organizing power of networks, to the physical world.
In our case, this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That would mean something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today: think of climate change or CO2 emissions . How do we move from digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together, collectively.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a cloud of particles.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud are pixels.
It's a physical structure in London, but covered from pixels.
You can move inside, have different experiences.
You can see from below, to serve to share the main moments of the Olympics of 2012 and even more, and can be used as a form of connection to the community.
So it's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something that you can climb up, like a new top of London.
You can go there.
As if it was a new digital sign at night, but the most important thing is to be a new experience for anybody who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than they are?
Suppose I told you that, with just a few changes in their genes, they could improve memory -- for more accurate, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe you'd like to be in better shape, be stronger, have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and secure of yourself?
How about living more with good health?
Or maybe they were from those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What would you like?
What would you like, if you could choose something?
( Audience member: creativity .) creativity.
How many people would choose creativity?
Raise your hand . Let me see.
A few . It's probably due to the number of creative people.
That's very good.
How many would pick memory?
The more.
What about the physical state?
A little less.
What about longevity?
Oh, most . That makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this, the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or maybe it's possible?
Evolution has been a belonging subject here at TED Conference, but today I want to give you the gaze of a doctor about the subject.
The great geneticist of the 20th century, T. . Anderson, that I was in the Church Orlean Russia, wrote a trial called``Nothing in biology makes a sense of the light of Evolution . ''
But if you effectively accept biological evolution consider this: Is it just about the past or the future?
Does it mean to others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch, well at an extreme, is, of course, the one that's interesting us.
We go from a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
In the interval, there have been maybe 20 different species of hominids.
Some have gone and back.
We've been here about 130 years.
We might seem to be very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, most of the basic machinery of our cells is roughly the same.
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that's used to treat diabetes?
This is not like human insulin, but it's the same protein, chemically indistinguishable, that it comes out of the pancreas.
And talking about bacteria -- realize that we all take in the most bacteria gut that the cells that we have on the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, do you think -- when Antonio Damasio raises it, you think about bacteria?
The gut is a wonderfully hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, wet, it's very elected.
And we're going to provide all the nutrients that you can want without an effort of your part.
It's really like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some power to the exit.
But by the way, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They help to digest essential nutrients, and they protect us from certain diseases.
But what about the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or are you destined to become something different, maybe better adapted to the environment?
In this vast inclusive symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief fire -- the animal kingdom, as one and only companies, and human life, a little note of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I was going to college, I had my first biology class.
I was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental: most of the existence of life, in the single-celled organisms, every cell is just divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughter cells.
But when the multicellular organisms appear, things start to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important: with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens, the rest of the body becomes predictable.
In fact, you could say that the inevitability of the body death enters evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to confess that when I was college student, I thought, well, sex, sex, death per sex; it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year I had more doubt.
I got to understand the feelings of George Burns, who still acted in Las Vegas right in their 90 years.
And one night someone hits your hotel door.
He opens the door.
In front of him, he finds a magnificent laundry dancer.
He looks at it, and he says,``I came for a sex soup . ''
\" Okay ,"he says George,``I chose the soup . ''
I realized, as a doctor, who was working on a different goal to the goal of evolution, not necessarily, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to stay healthy.
I wanted to recover health in the disease.
I wanted us to live more and healthier.
Evolution is to pass the genome into the next generation, adapting and surviving generation after generation.
Now, from an evolutionary point of view, you and I are like reflective record rockets to send the genetic load to the next orbital level and then let us fall into the sea.
I think we all understand the feeling that Woody Allen, when he said,``I don't want to achieve the immortality through my work.
I want to do it not dying . ''
Evolution does not necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the largest or the strongest or the fastest and even the smartest.
Evolution favors the best adapted creatures to their environment.
That's the only trial of survival and success.
At the bottom of the ocean, the freedom bacteria that can survive the heat of the smokers that will produce, if there were fish there, fish tied to the vacuum, yet they've managed to make that a elected environment.
So what does this mean, when we look at what's happening in evolution, and if we go back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if we look forward, to the next phase, I would say there are many possibilities.
The first is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that by medicine, first, we've been able to preserve a lot of genes that would otherwise have been discarded and removed from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we've confirmed our environment to be adapted to ourselves as we adapt to it.
And by the way, we migrated, we circle, and we're so excited that it's no longer possible to have the isolation necessary for evolution.
A second possibility is that you produce a traditional, natural kind of evolution of nature's forces.
And the argument here would be: that the gears of evolution are willing, but they are incomplex.
And as a species of isolation, when as a species, we do distant planets are going to exist the isolation and the environmental changes that can produce evolution in a natural way.
But there's a third possibility, an attractive, intriguing, terrifying possibility.
The so-called new evolution, new evolution, which is not just natural -- but guided and chosen for us as individuals in the decisions that we'll take.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we get to do this?
We first consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more variations than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what's elected at the individual and family level.
Think also that if you could be able to choose not only the sex of your offspring, but in your own body to make genetic adjustments to cure or prevent diseases.
What if we could do the genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer's risk or reduce the risk of cancer or eliminate it?
Wouldn't they want to make those changes in their genes?
If we look at the future, that kind of changes is going to be more and more possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and took 13 years.
It took 2,700 billion dollars.
The next year of having finished, in 2004, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three months.
Today, you can get a complete sequence of the 3,000 base pairs of the human genome to a cost near $20,000 and on a week.
Not a lot to do a lot to do the human genome for $1,000 and be getting more and more.
Those changes come.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to induce immunity against other viruses.
Believe, or not there is an experimental trial in course with the vaccine of influenza, in cells of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of the tobacco?
That's reality today and in the future is going to be more and more possible.
Imagine just other two little changes.
Can you change the cells of your bodies, but if you could change the cells of your offspring?
And if you could change the sperm and the flights, or change the fly and the fire, and give your children a better chance of a healthier life, remove the diabetes, remove the homophobia, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who does not want healthier children?
And then, that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce the changes to prevent diseases is going to allow us to adopt spiritual assumptions -- a better memory.
Why not have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennings on all if you could increase it with the next generation of the Watson machine?
Why not have a faster concentration muscle that allows us to run faster and more distance?
Why not live longer?
This is going to be irresistible.
And when we're in conditions of spending this to the next generation, and we could adopt the attributes that we wanted to have become the evolution of before in the neocortex.
We're going to take a process that could normally take 100,000 years, and we can compress it to 1,000 years and maybe happen within the next 100 years.
These are elections that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have before they.
Are we going to use these options in a better society, more successful, more considered?
Or are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us, but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniform or more robust?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the most profound thing about everything: are we going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom required to make these decisions wisely?
For good or for bad, and before what I could think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a big explosion when you're 300 feet tall.
Imagine an airplane full of smoke.
Imagine an engine doing a click, click.
click, click, click, click.
Well, I had a single seat that day . I was sitting in the TED.
It was the only one who could talk to flight assistants.
So I immediately looked at them, and they said,``No problem . We probably hit some birds . ''
The pilot had already looked at the plane, and we weren't so far away.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot align the airplane with the Hudson River.
Mostly that's not the route.
I turned the engines.
Imagine being on an airplane and no noise.
And then he said three words.
The three most desolate words I've ever heard.
He said,``preparing for impact . ''
I didn't have to talk more with the flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
It was terror . Life was finished.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in a moment.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get, and I didn't, all the fences that I wanted to have and never had.
While I thought about that later, I came up with a phrase, which is,``collection bad wine . ''
Because if the wine is ready, and the person is there, I'm going to open it up.
I don't want to clap anything in life anymore.
And that urgency, that purpose, has really changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is as we evolved the George Washington Bridge, which was not for much -- I thought about, wow, I really feel a big weigh.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity, I've been trying to improve everything I did.
But in my humanity as well as my ego.
And I'm sorry the time that they don't matter with people who matter.
And I thought about my wife with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as a measure of that, I decided to eliminate the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels of wonders.
I'm not trying to get right anymore; it chose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock goes down,``15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water approved.
I'm saying,``Please fly . ''
I don't want this to be broken in 20 pieces as you see in those documents.
And as we went down, I had the feeling of, wow, dying doesn't fear . .
It's almost like we've been preparing for that all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go; I love my life.
And that sadness came into a single thought, which is, I just wish one thing.
I wish I could see my kids growing.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of art talent -- yet, and scream, crying, like a little . .
And for me, that was all the reason for the world.
At that point I understood, by connecting those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great parent.
The only goal I have in life is to be a good parent.
I came up with a miracle, not dying that day.
And I was given another gift, which was the possibility of looking at the future and coming back and living otherwise.
For you who are flying today, the challenges to imagine that it's going on in your airplane -- and please not like that -- but imagine, and how do you change?
What they would do, they still hope to do because they think they're going to live forever?
How would they change their relationships and negative energy on them?
And the most important thing, are the best parents you can?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most great one in which I worked was for this guy.
The guy is called TEDMED.
TEDMED was one of the most important graffiti in the 1980s.
One day he came to his house after running and said,``Dad, I feel an ant on the legs . ''
And that was the ALS beginning.
Today TEDx has a total paralysis.
It can only use your eyes.
His job influenced me.
I have a design company and animation, so, obviously, graffiti is something that we admire and respect in the art world.
So we decided that we were going to sponsor Tony, MIT, and their cause.
So I went and met with her brother and father and I said,``Let's give them this money.
What are you going to do with it? ''
And his brother said,``I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with it, and he's able to communicate with me . ''
And I said,``A second, isn't it that I see Stephen Hawking is not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices? ''
And he said,``No, unless you're someone important and you have a very good insurance, you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said,``Well, how do you communicate then? ''
Does anybody see the movie``The Spadeshare and the butterfly . ''
They communicate in that way -- they're going through the finger.
I said,``That's archaic . How can it be? ''
So I introduced myself with the only wish to deliver a check and instead of that signed a check that didn't have the least idea of how I was going to cover.
He committed to me with his brother and his father there at the time,``All right, this is the deal: Tony's going to talk, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to do its art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much inside their inner can't communicate . ''
So I talked about a couple months later.
I met these guys called Greek Research Lab, who have a technology that allows them to project a light in any surface, and then with a laser pointer, they draw about that and record negative space.
So they go around doing art installations like this.
All the things that appear, they say, are part of a cycle of life.
First they start with sexual organs, then with bad words, then with the attacks to Bush and, at the end, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in their presentations.
And so the journey started.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and a lot of moving things, we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the gates of insurance companies, and we got a machine so that TEDMED could communicate -- a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun thing; I call him silk because when I talk to the guy, you get an email of it, and you say,``I don't deserve it . This guy is fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers around the world literally from all the corners of the planet to our house.
My wife, children and me, moved to the garage of back and these hackers and programmers and consumers, took control of the house.
Many of our friends thought we were doing something completely stupid, and that when we went back, they would have removed the frames of the walls and instead of graffiti.
But for two weeks we program, we went to the shipping of Venice, and my son was part, my dog, and we created this.
It's called Egypt, and you can see the description.
They're a pair of cheap sun glasses that we buy in the March's stream of Venice, a little bit of copper wire and Roaut Shoecal and Radio Shack.
We take a PMS camera, we open it, we ride it on a LED light, and now there's a device that's free -- it builds yourself; we publish the free code of software in free way.
And we created a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no company of insurance that says``no ."company.
There's no hospital that can say``no . ''
Any person with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using only their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much . That was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks, we went back to the TEDMED room.
I love this picture because this is another person's room, and that's their room.
There was all this tube and alternative during the great opening.
And then over a year of planning, two weeks of programming, intense sessions of all night, Tony came back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life and is looking through the support system of his life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a projector on a wall of the outside of the hospital.
And he went back to draw for the first time in front of her family and friends -- and they would imagine what the feeling was in parking.
The funny thing was that we had to break into the parking, so we felt like we were reading graffiti as well.
At the end of this, he sent us an email, and this was what he said,``This was the first time I drew in seven years.
I felt like I'd been underwater and someone finally came to rescue and pull me out of there so I could breathe . ''
Isn't it wonderful?
In some way, that's our war scream.
That's what keeps us moving, developing.
And we have a long way to go with this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Someone with this artistic potential deserves a lot more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve and make it faster and robust.
Since then we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've won a lot of awards.
Remember, it's free; none of us are making money with this.
It all comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were the guy,``Oh, this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong takes something about us, and then in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50, and it was really cool.
The best thing about this -- and this is what's done to close the circle is that in April this year in the McNucky of MoMA in downtown Los Angeles, there's going to be an exhibition called``Art in the streets . ''
And``Art in the streets"is going to have the best speakers of urban art Anthony, Shelp Faro, CAPTCHA all of them are going to be there.
Tempest is going to be in the show which is pretty impressive.
So, basically this is my idea: if you see something that's not possible, make it possible.
None of what there was in this room was possible -- the stage, the computer, the microphone, the precursor nothing was possible at a certain time.
Make it possible -- anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with eye recognition technology; I just recognized something, and I teamed up with wonderful people to make it happen.
And these are the questions I want to do every day when we find something that we feel like to do . If not now, when? And if I'm not me, who?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years by getting into generally very difficult situations, and at the same time a bit dangerous.
I went to jail -- hard.
I worked on a coal mine -- dangerous.
I filmed in zones of war -- difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating only this -- fun at the beginning, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career, I've been immersed in situations in horrible appearance with the only goal of trying to look at social issues in ways that are attractive, interesting, and hopefully, to analyze them in a way that looked entertainment and accessible for the audience.
So when I knew I would come here to do a TEDTalk on the world of the brands and the sponsor, I wanted to do something a little different.
So, some of you may have heard, or not, a couple weeks ago, I got an airplane in eBay.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, offered in selling the rights of my TEDTalk in 2011.
What there was the next thing:``The USA Australians present: my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it's about and content could explode it in the face, especially if I put it in ridicule to you or your company.
But this is a very good media opportunity . ''
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
A lot.
It's a title in progress, by the way.
So even with that saving knew that someone was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago, I couldn't have been able to tell them.
But in the new film I'm working on, we look at the world of marketing, advertising.
And as I said earlier, I got into horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, nothing could anticipate, to something as difficult or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a movie.
Morgan Superconduction: I want to make a film that deals with product collection, marketing and advertising, and that the whole film is funded with production of products, marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to call``The largest movie ever sold . ''
What happens in``The largest ever sold movie ever sold"is that everything from top down, from principle to end, has brand images, all the time, from the assume that comes before the title, the X mark.
Now this brand, Loundament State, the Stature Center.
These people are going to be associated with the film, forever.
And so the film explores all this idea . (Michael Kasuatistan: It's reduced ."That's what? (MK: It's redundant .) By the way, forever?
I'm a redundant weight . (MK: I just say it.
It was``Perfect . forever . ''
But we're not just going to have the X-ray sponsor in the title, but we're going to make sure we're going to make sure all the categories we can on the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe, and it becomes the most cool shoe you've used.
The most great car you've been driving in``The largest movie ever sold ,"the best suit you've been drinking, cuts from``The largest movie ever sold . ''
Kevin Kohna: The idea is then besides showing the brands as part of life, making them fund the film? (MS: To fund the film .) MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The goal of the whole film is transparency.
You're going to see the whole process in this movie.
That's the whole idea, the whole film, from principle to end.
And I would love it to help make it happen.
Robert Friedman: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that; it's the maximum respect for the audience.
Wow: However, I don't know how responsive people are going to be.
XL: You have a perspective -- I don't know if``angle"is very negative, but you know how it's going to play? (MS: No idea .) David Chinese: How much money do you need to do this?
MS: A million and a half . (DC: All right .) John Kamen: I think it's going to be difficult with them, but certainly it's going to be worth convincing a couple of big brands.
XL: Who knows, maybe for the moment that film comes out of us as a lot of joyful idiots.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Rudgen: Most of the answers will be``no . ''
MS: But will it be hard to sell it, for the film or to be me?
JK: Both things.
MS :...it means you're not very optimistic.
So help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right . (MK: Good .) Awesome.
MK: We have to think about what brands.
MS: Yeah . (MK: That's the challenge .) When you look at people you have to treat.
MK: We have some places where to go . (MS: Okay .) Turn the camera.
MS: I thought,``Turn off the camera"meant we have a conversation out of the microphone.
The camera means``We don't want to know anything about your film . ''
MS: And that was, one by one, all these companies suddenly disappeared.
No one wanted to have nothing to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything about this project.
And I was very impressed; I thought the concept of advertising, it was to introduce the product to as many people as possible, make so many people see it as possible.
Especially in the world today, this intersection of new media and old media and the separate media scenario, isn't the idea to count with that new worthy of attention that's going to take the message to the masses?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a guaranteed mistake, and that mistake was this.
Actually no, there was no mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been okay.
But the problem was what this image represents.
See, when you look for general transparency images, this is one of the first images that appear.
I like how to roll, Sergey Brin . No.
This was the problem: transparency -- free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen -- easily understandable, which is characterized by visibility or information of information, especially in business practices -- being the last line perhaps the biggest problem.
You see, we hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name, the president of the name, even the CEOs name it.
But suddenly when it comes to it, it's about making it a real change.
But why? Well, transparency gives fear -- like that weird bear that still continues.
It's unpredictable -- like this rare rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it risky?
Take a whole bowl of Coke Whitney.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and telling you that we wanted to tell this story and they said,``No, we want to tell you a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell our story . ''
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he is, and he was looking at it as he said,``Son, there are three sides in every story.
There's your story, there's my story, and there's the real story . ''
As you see, on this film, we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just one company, an agency, wanting to help me -- that just because I knew John Bond and Richard Kirock, of many years, realized that I would have to go on my own, I would have to remove the middle and go to the companies myself with all my team.
So what I started to warn is suddenly what I started to realize is that when you start to talk to companies, the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends that make big, huge, giant movies and others that make small movies, independent movies like mine.
And my friends who do big Hollywood movies, giant people, say that the reason their films are so successful is because of the associated brands that they have.
And then my friends who make independent movies say,``Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant Hollywood movies? ''
And the movie is called``The largest movie ever sold . ''
How are we going to do specifically to Brian in the movie?
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my shop, you'll see the disaster Bay.
At any time during an interview with someone I can say,``Are you cool for this interview?
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you calm out.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview . ''
And there I offer you one of these fabulous arms.
Both``Fusia Flow"like``Paradise's winds ,"they're going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have so much for man as for women, solid, to ball, in mud, like it . .
That's the general view.
Now I can answer your questions and give them a portal look.
Karen Frank: We are a small brand.
Similar to the kind of smaller movies that you said, we're rather a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that has other brands.
So doing things like this, you know, reminding people that the people are the reason why this is about us.
MS: What words used to describe?
Bay is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Woman: upper technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the armpits.
Man: We talk about something bold, fresh.
I think``cool"is a great word that really puts this category into the positive versus``combat the smell and sweat . ''
It keeps you fresh.
How do we keep you fresh more time? With better fresh, more fresh, three times more fresh.
Things like that, which are the benefits of the benefits.
MS: And that's a multi-touch company.
What about me? What about a common type?
I need to talk to the street man, to the people like me, to the commons.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your brand?
Man: Mmm my brand?
I don't know.
I like the good clothes.
Woman: It's going to revive the 1980s, painting, unless it's a laundry . .
MS: Okay, what is the Grey brand?
George: Something unique . (MS: I guess the kind of gender, the style that I have would be like a dark glamour . ''
I like dark colors, lots of gray and things like that.
Usually I take accessories like sunglasses, or I like crystals and similar.
Woman: If Dan was a brand, it could be a wonderful classic, Mississippi Benz.
Man 2: The brand that I am, I would call it calculate flight.
Woman 2: In part, in part of yogurt, in part of Big Brooklyn, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of pets.
I'm selling toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because I get the market.
Man 5: Man, failed, failed.
Is that something?
lawyer: I'm a lawyer . .
Tom: I'm Tom.
MS: Well, not all of us can be brand Tom, but I'm often classified in the intersection of dark glamour and called casual.
I realized that I needed an expert.
I needed someone who could go into my head, someone who could help me understand what they call the brand personality.
And I found a company called Olympic Zapania in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like North, February, Hall to discover that brand personality.
If they could do it for them, they could surely do it for me.
Audience: You brought the photos, right?
MS: Yeah . The first picture is a family picture.
A: Tell me a little bit about how you relate to your thoughts and feelings how to be.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me of that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world in which you live -- like the people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are organized, and they start in a place and in my case, and they start in my family, in West Virginia.
A: What is the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is the best day of my life . ''
A: How do you relate this with your thoughts, feelings and your way of being?
MS: It's like who I want to be.
I like different things.
I like the weird things . I like weird things.
A:``Why . ''
What is the male? Where do you find it now?
Why is it important to rethink? What does red represent?
Tell me a little about that.
A little more of you, which is not who you are.
What other metabolism have you had?
It doesn't have to be afraid . What kind of Russian mountain are you?
MS: Ow! (A: Thank you .) No, thank you.
A: Thanks for your patience . (MS: Yeah . MS: Thank you . (MS: Thank you very much .) All right.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of crazy in all this.
Linda Zatah: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides, but complementary, in your brand personality, brand Morgan Supermark is a conscious brand.
They're very good together.
And I think there's almost a paradox on them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or the other rather than focus on both.
A lot of companies tend to tell -- it's human nature to avoid things that are not sure; they avoid fear, those elements, and you actually give them off, and make them a positive thing for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are that?
The first here is classical, Apple.
And you can also see here to Target, Wii, Mini from Mini Cooper and Jessica.
Now there are playful marks and conscious brands, those things that have gone and come, but a playful brand is quite powerful.
MS: A playful brand . What is your brand?
If somebody asks you to describe your brand identity, your brand personality, what would it be?
Are you a bottom-up attribute? Are you somebody who makes blood flow?
Or are you rather a descending attribute?
A little bit more calm, reserved, conservative?
The accelerating attributes are like being a playful to be cool like the Prince, contemporary, adventure, aging or bold like error Florida, fast or agile, professional, dominant, magic or mystic like Gandhi.
Or are you kind of descended attributes?
Are you conscious, sophisticated like 2007?
Are you established, traditional, provider, protective, you identify with Oprah?
Are you reliable, stable, familiar, reliable, safe, sacred, contemplative or wise, like the Dalai Lama or dream?
In the course of this film, we had more than 500 companies, accidents and descendants, who said``no ,"they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control on the final product.
We were allowed to tell the story of the neocortex, and we came to tell the story in this film of how they now use magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain so much for commercial marketing.
We went to San Paulo where they've banned advertising to free air.
Throughout the city over the last five years, there are no valleys, there are no posters, there's nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are doing way in schools with liquidity problems in America.
The amazing thing to me is that the projects that I've had the biggest answer or the ones I've had more successful are those of you who have interacted with things directly.
And that's what these brands did.
They removed the intermediary, they took their agencies, and they said maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to treat directly with the artist.
I'm going to work with it to create something different, something that's going to make people think, which is going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how have you gone? Did you succeed?
Well, since the movie goes down at the Seaster Festival, we take a look.
According to bars, the film goes in January, and since, and this is not all of us, we've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This cover only a period of two and a half weeks.
That's just online -- no press, no TV.
The movie is still not distributed.
It's still not online . It's not in sharing.
It's not even been presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not wrong because almost all the agencies that we talk to their customers will not be part of it.
I've always believed that if you risk, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you get out of that, they're pushing them into failure.
I think when you train your employees in the risk of the risk, you're preparing your whole company to lack rewards.
I feel like what has to happen to advance is that we need to encourage people to risk.
We need to encourage people who don't have fear of the opportunities that they can scare them.
Ultimately, I think we need to give it to fear.
We have to put that bear into a cage.
Let's take the fear . Let's take the risk.
From a skull at a time, we need to embrace the risk.
And ultimately, we need to get transparency to transparency.
More than ever a little bit of honesty is going to go a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk,``Let's have been presented by my good friends of TMS who for $7.5 bought the rights of the name in eBay.
EM: By making big data in big opportunities for companies around the world.
EM: So, let's say,``We embrace transparency . ''
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So Morgan, in name of transparency, which happened exactly with those 7,000 dollars?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket, I have a check to the name of the TED matrix of TED, the Sapling Foundation, a $7.7 check to be applied to my TED of the next year.
The idea behind the Stagustin computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their greatest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the Urban intersection plant in Nature.
The gray boxes you see are real-time control systems.
If we can engage these systems that control speed and valves, we can cause a lot of problems with the centrifuge.
The gray boxes don't use Windows software; they are a completely different technology.
But if we were able to put a Windows effective virus in a laptop used by an engineer to confirm this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Saturn.
We started with a Windows installed.
The eye goes into the gray box, it gives the centrifuge, and the Iranian nuclear program is delay, it's missing mission.
Is it easy, huh?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started researching about Stuxnet six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing that you knew is that it's very, very complex in the Windows part of the Windows: the instructor used multiple dada vulnerabilities.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called us attention, and we started an experiment where we infected our environment with Saturn and we saw what happened to this.
So they passed very strange things.
Stuxnet was behaving as a lab of lab that he didn't like our cheese: the wave, but I didn't want to eat.
It didn't make sense for me.
And after experiment with different cheese tastes, I realized, and I thought, this is a directed attack.
It's completely directed . ''
The Instagram is looking at the gray box, if you find a specific configuration, even if the program that you're trying to infect is effectively working at that place.
If not, Stuxnet does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought,``We don't know what the goal is . ''
It could be, let's say for example, a U.S. energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
We better would discover the target soon.
So we extracted, and we downloaded the attack code, and we discovered that I was structured in two digital bombs: a small and a big.
We also saw that they were armed very professionally by people who obviously had all the internal information.
You know all the points that I'll attack.
You probably even know how much the operator is.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the Instagram of Saturn is complex and high-tech, let me tell you, the burden is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this attack code.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks like the old assembly language.
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code.
What we looked at at first was called the systems of the system, because we know what they do.
Then we look for temperatures and data structures, and we try to relate them to the real world, with potential targets of the real world.
We need theories about detailed things that we can approve or disappear.
To get to theories on goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent taste, it must be a valuable white, and it's safe in Iran, because it's where most infections have been reported.
You don't find several thousands of goals in that area.
It basically boils down to the nuclear power plant of Bush and the National Minister of Nature.
So I said to my assistant,``Let me a list of all the experts in centrifuge and energy plants between our clients . ''
And I called them and put them into an effort to play their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we could associate the little digital eye with the control of the robot.
The robot is that mobile part inside the centrifuge, that black object you see.
If you manage the speed of this robot, you can certainly erase it and even make the centrifuge explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make slow and go into an obvious effort to go back to the nest maintenance engineers, so that they couldn't solve this quickly.
We're trying to decipher the big digital eye by looking at the data and their structures.
So, for example, the number 164 goes on that code, you can't be obvious.
I started researching science literature about how these centrifuge is built in Nature, and found that they are structured in what's called a waterfall, and every waterfall has 164 centrifuge.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better yet.
These sentences in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we find in the attack code?
Almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between hands.
So that it wasn't wrong.
The results have been obtained after several weeks of hard work.
We basically ended up with no exit and we had to start back.
Yet, we discovered that both digital eyes were pointing on a single one, but from different angles.
The little bird is taking a waterfall, and making the rotors and relative them, and the big bird communicates with six waterfalls and manipulating valves.
In sum, we're very confident that we've determined what's the destination.
It's Nature, and it's just Nature.
We should not worry that other goals are reached by Studio.
Here I show you some very interesting things that we saw, they really impressed me.
There is the gray box, and you see the centrifuge.
What this thing is doing is to intercept the input values for example, for example sensors and vibration sensors and provide legitimate code, which still execute during the attack, with false input data.
And believe it or not, these false entry data are programmed by Studio.
It's like in the Hollywood movies where, during the robbery, the security camera feeds from video.
Is it great?
The idea here is obviously not just to turn the operators into the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive.
The idea is to make a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator couldn't act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the great steam turbine is gone from speed, you have to open up the escape valve in a millisecond.
Obviously, this can't make a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're engaged, then bad things can happen.
The plant can exploit.
And the operations or the security system will notice it.
That scares.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this . This attack is generic.
It has nothing to do, specifically, with centrifuge, with uranium management.
It could work also, for example, in an energy plant, or in an automotive factory.
It's generic.
And you don't have -- as a attacker -- that will disseminate this load with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Studio.
You could also use conventional worms technology to disseminate it.
It's going to give it more possible.
And if you do that, with what you end up with is a massive destruction of mass destruction.
That's the consequence we should face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of goals for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and Japan.
All green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals.
We need to face the consequences, and the better we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ralph has been done in a lot of ways that people assume the Moses is the main entity behind this.
What is your view?
Ralph Langley: Okay, do you really want to hear this?
Yeah . Okay.
My opinion is that the Moss is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber superpower.
There's one, and that's the United States, fortunately, fortunately.
Because, otherwise, our problems would be even older.
CA: Thank you for mixing . Thank you, Ralph.
I want you to imagine a robot that can be taken, and I give you a supply of supply, or another one to make users of wheels get up and go back.
In``Berkeley Birds ,"we call these robots, exoskeletons.
They're nothing different from something that's put in the morning, it gives you a great force, which also increases your speed, and helps you, for example, to handle the balance.
It's actually the real integration of man and machine.
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect it to the universe and other external entities.
This is not a real idea.
To show you now in what we're working on, we start talking about the American soldier that, on average, has to take on their back a 45 pounds, and it's being shown to take even more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries in the back , 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage of back.
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help handle the issue.
Let me introduce you to the HIV -- or the United States charges universal.
Soldiers: With the humble exoskeleton, I can provide 90 kilos by variable terrain for many hours.
Their flexible design, it allows you to put in loops to drag and execute movement with great agility.
You perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then increase my strength and my resistance.
Eightle bless: We're ready, with our industrial partner, to produce this device, this new exoskeleton, this year.
I mean, it's a reality . .
Let's go back now to the wheelchair users, about what I feel particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people about about, in wheelchair chairs, around the world.
About one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation.
We talk about something that happens often, very young people, with damage in the backbone that when they start their life -- at 20 , 30 or 40 years -- they collide a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that's aging quickly.
Their only choice, many times -- by a brain injury or some other complications -- is the wheelchair.
And this has been like this for the last 500 years, from its successful emergence, as I should recognize.
So we decided to start by writing a new chapter on mobility.
Let me introduce you to the ELCA that is using Amanda Bolt, who 19 years ago had a spinal column injury, and as a result could not walk back 19 years, so far.
Amanda Bolt: Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our EEDs, I mentioned.
It has a few sensors.
completely not invasive in the crutches that send signals to the edge of the onboard, here in the back.
There are also some batteries that give engines to the motors in the hip, and in the knees, and they make it progress with this soft and natural sentence.
AB: I was 24 years old at the top of my life when, by a strange leap in the air, skiing it down.
In a fraction of second, I lost all sensation and all the movement of the pelvis down.
Shortly after, a doctor walked into my room in the hospital, and he said,``Amanda, you'll never walk again . ''
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole to the last peak of hope of my being.
The adaptive technology since then, it's allowed me to learn how to sliding down into the streets, climbing rocks and even riding in bicycle.
But they haven't invented anything that allowed me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change life to future generations -- not just from soldiers, but Amanda, and all the wheelchair users, to everyone.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the baton, they practice sex to say hello, and play is the order of the day -- where diversity is serious.
And no, it's not the festival of the Eastern Man or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, they know their cousins.
This is the world of the wild bonobos of Congo forests.
The bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living relatives.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother that lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known for their aggression.
But unfortunately, we've done too much hyperbolic in our narratives of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by large guys, terrifying, Bonobo society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special, because this leads to a very tolerant society where deadly violence hasn't been observed yet.
But unfortunately, bonobos are the least understood of the big apes.
They live in the depths of the Congolese rainforest, and it's been very difficult to study them.
Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the city itself -- scenario of a violent conflict that has been caused by decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War.
No wonder that this destruction is also putting in danger the survival of the Bonobo.
The trade of hunting meat and deforestation makes you not fill or a stadium with the bonobos that are left in the world -- and honestly, we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos you can hear the laughter hiding the trees.
Who are these cousins?
We know them as the``love, not war ,"because they have frequent sex, promiscuous and bisexual to handle conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of Bonobos is more than Samuel Sweden.
bonobos, like humans, love play throughout their lifetime.
Play is not just a child game.
For us, and for them the game is fundamental to establish links and foster tolerance.
With him, we learn to trust, and we learn the rules of the game.
Play increases creativity and resilience and has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions, behavioral diversity, connections of connections.
And when you look at the Bonobo game, you see the evolutionary roots themselves, the dance and the human ritual.
The game is the glue that unites us.
I don't know how you play, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos in the wild.
First, it's a band of ball style, and I don't talk about football.
Here we have a female and a young male in the middle of a chase.
Look at what she is doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase:``he's got it from the balls . ''
Only I think in this case he loves, right?
Yeah.
So sexual play is common as well as humans.
And this video really is interesting because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to play like testicles and also how game requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time it's the most fun.
But the game is philanthropic.
The game is philanthropic, it can adopt a lot of ways, some of which are more quiet, imaginative, curious -- maybe the place where the awe is required.
And I want you to see -- this is Future, a young female, who's playing with it.
I think, like that, sometimes we play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and external worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, to interact, and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real seed of creativity.
These are just little samples of understanding that Bonobos give us from our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future in which we need to adapt to a more and more difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities.
In other words, game is our adaptation.
To adapt with success to a world that changes we have to play.
But are we going to take our game capability?
The game is not frivolous.
Play is essential.
For Bonobos and humans alike, life is not just cruel and ruthless.
When it looks like the least appropriate play, they can be the moments in which it's the most urgent.
So, primates, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we rediscover creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York City, I'm responsible for a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood.
When I'm not fighting poverty, I'm fighting fires as a captain of captain in a body of volunteer firemen.
And in our city, where volunteers make a highly qualified staff, you have to get to the site of the fire very soon to get into action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer on the site, so I had a pretty high chance of going.
But still, there was a racing career against the other volunteers to get to the captain and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain, I was cooled in a conversation with the owner that certainly took one of the worst days of his life.
We were at night, she was standing outside the rain, under a umbrella, in pajamas, shocked, while his house was in flames.
The other volunteer that I had just arrived before I was, we named Lee Luther came first to the captain, and he asked him to go into and save the dog owner dog.
The dog! I was so jealous.
There was a lawyer or a gesture of money that, during the rest of his life, I would have to tell people that I went into a building in a call to save a living building just because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me a bit.
He said,``Bezos, I need to be in the house.
I need to go up, go through the fire, and bring this woman a couple of shoes . ''
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I expected, but I was -- I got the stairs, at the end of the hallway, happened to the king firemen, which at that height more or less had finished off off the fire and entered the top room in search for a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my payload back in the ladder where I met my News and the beautiful dog on the front door.
We took out of the house the treasures for the home owner where, as I expected, his treasure received much more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter from the house owner, thank you for the courageous effort to save your house.
The kindness that she looked at about what she was looking at was somebody had actually reached a couple of shoes.
Both in my voice in Robin Hood, as in my calling as a volunteer fireman, I'm witness of acts of generosity and an kindness on a monumental scale, but also the acts of grace and courage at the individual level.
And you know what I learned?
Everything has its importance.
So, when I look in this room to people who have achieved, or they are to achieve, remarkable levels of success, I'd like to remind you this: Don't wait.
Don't wait for the first million to make the difference in someone's life.
If you have something to give, tell you now.
They serve food in a dining, clean up a park of the neighborhood.
They're mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save someone's lives, but every day we will be able to influence someone's lives.
So they go into the game; they save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, come back.
Mark Bezos: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a big fan of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1968 with a very simple idea: cement modules of a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used construction unit in the world.
They've allowed us to build bigger things than us, like buildings or bridges, a brick at the time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, LIGO came up with this.
It was called the automatic assembly brick.
And in a few years, the LIGO bricks came to all homes.
You estimate that you've made more than 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be an engineer to build beautiful bridges, buildings or houses.
LIGO made it accessible.
LIGO just adopted the block of concrete, the favorite in the world, and turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in Bell labs, the next revolution was about to announce: the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would lead us from a world of aesthetic bricks, one about others to a world where everything was interactive.
Just like the concrete block, the transistor allows you to create much bigger and more complex circuits, a brick at a time.
But there's a main difference: The transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept that, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of taking the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing Libraries.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Lewis are electronic modules each with a specific function.
They're predicted to be light, sound, engines and sensors.
And the best thing about it is that they get together by magnets.
So you can't put it wrong.
The bricks have a code of color.
The green is the exit, the blue is the current, the pink is the entrance and the orange color is the wire.
So you only have to assemble a blue with a green, and you can actually start making older circuits.
A blue with one green produce light.
We can put a button in the middle, and so we have a regulation.
If we change the button by a pulse module, which is here, and now we have an incomplete light.
We added this timbre to create more impact, and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, Littlength are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program, connect and fix, Literature allows us to program very simple intuitive gestures.
To get faster or slower, you just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind Lewis is it's a growing collection.
We want all the interactions in the world to be reduced to the ready to use.
Lights, sounds, solar panels, engines; it must be accessible.
We've given kids to kids to see them playing with them.
And it's been an amazing experience.
The best thing is how they start to understand the electronics of every day that doesn't learn in schools.
For example, how a daylight works, or why the door of an elevator is open, or how an iPod responds to touch.
We've also led Liberians to design schools.
So, for example, designers without any experience in electronics start playing with Littlengers as a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and wind bottles, we have George creating ...
( metallic sound) A few weeks ago, we took Library to the designer School design School designer, who have no experience in engineering, just in cardboard, wood and paper and said,``Do something . ''
Here's an example of a project that you've done, a conference cannon.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a landscape made of Play-Doh that has fear of darkness.
For these not engineers, Libraries became another material, the electronics became another material.
And we want this material to reach all of us.
So Littlencome has open source.
You can visit the website, download all the design files and make them.
We want to encourage a world of creators, inventors and collaborators because this world we live in, this interactive world, is ours.
So let's go ahead and invent.
Thank you.
Today I'm going to talk to you about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar industry industry.
And my little company seeks to get involved with the environment.
It's the distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm . Wait a moment.
You can delay a little bit in charge.
We can -- we can continue better left the video on the side.
No.
This is not ...
All right.
Solar technology is ...
Oh, I'm given time?
All right . Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that they are supposed to hate; we asked them to work in government.
The initiative was called America for America, and they would be like a few peace bodies.
We would select a few members every year and put them to work with the municipalities.
Instead of sending them to the Third World, we send them to the wild municipal world.
They made great applications; they worked with the municipal employees.
Their task is to show the possibilities of current technology.
You know Al.
It's a hydrogen of Boston City.
So here it appears as if you look for a quote, but what really looks for is that someone clean up when you're caught by snow because you know that it's not very good on fire fires when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did it come to ask help like this so unique?
Last year in Boston, we had a team of American members of American.
They were there in February, and at that time, I had a lot of last year.
They realized that the city never cleaned these hydrants.
But one of the members called Erik Michael noticed something else: that citizens cleaned up with sticks the sidewalks right in front of them.
So he did as any good programmer, I developed an app.
It's a nice application where you can adopt a hydrant.
You accept it when you snow.
By doing it, you put a name, in this case he put it.
If you don't, someone can be broken.
I mean, it has a playful component.
It's a modest app.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 programs last year.
But it does something that no other technology in government does.
And it stretches viral.
A responsible of the city of Honolulu City, when you see this app, realized that I could use it, not for snow, but for citizens to adopt tsunami mermaid.
It's very important to work these tsunami synesthesia, but people stole the batteries.
So I ask citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens go away.
And Chicago just launched it to make people record to clean sidewalks when I snow.
So now we know about nine cities that they plan to use.
And this has been spread without friction and organic and natural.
If you know a little bit of government technology, you know that this doesn't happen normally.
Software acquisition usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston, we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for the parents to choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that we had done it for normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's nothing.
There's now a project in the Jewish power of California that until the moment has cost two billion dollars and doesn't work.
And there are projects like this on every level of government.
So an app that's programmed in a couple of days and spread in viral form is a kind of warning to the institution of government.
It suggests the better government ways of working, not like in private companies, as a lot of people think that should be.
Nor as a technological company, but rather like the Internet itself.
That is, without restrictions, open and generative.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents the way to address the question of government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of an analog institution, as a collective action problem.
And that's very good because it turns out that we are very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there is a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy.
And it's not only Code for America, but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute with civic applications every day in their own communities.
They have not been given by the government.
They feel a great frustration before that, but they don't complain, they fix it.
And these people know something we've lost of sight.
And that is that if we leave the feelings about politics, the line at Detride, and all those other things that make us crazy, government is essentially in Tim Olympic's words:``What we do together because we alone can't . ''
Now, a lot of people have abandoned the government.
If you are one of those people, I'll ask you to rethink it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change; government does.
And because the government at the end of us -- they remember that from``us, the village ,"the way we think about it affect the way we produce change.
I didn't know a lot about government when I started this.
And as a lot of people think that the government was to choose people to make charges.
Well, after two years I've come to the conclusion that the government is, especially, a question of fragiles.
This is the center of telephone care and information.
It's the place that's holding the calls if you mark 31 in America.
I hit this call.
Income``Zimbabwe"at the official knowledge base.
I didn't find anything . It started with animal control.
And he finally said,``Hey, you can open the gates of the house, put music right and see if it goes? ''
And it worked . So well by Scott.
But that was not the end of the farmers.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an app, web and mobile, called Cyllingdays Connectic.
We don't program that app.
It was the work of very smart people in the Office of New Mechanical University of Boston.
One day, this happened really, he's coming up with this,``Zaragard in my trash . I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do to take it out? ''
The dynamic City dynamic is different.
Scott was talking in person.
In Citizens Connectic, it's all public, so everybody can see this.
In this case, he saw it a neighbor.
The next report said,``I came up to the place, I found the garbage cube behind the house.
Dude? Yes . Life? Yes.
I turned the cube . I went home.
Good night, sweet friendship . ''
Pretty simple.
This is great . It's the confluence of digital and physical.
And it's also a great example of the government of distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And I don't necessarily mean technological definition of platform.
I'm talking about a platform for people to be supported and helping others.
So, a citizen helped another but here the government had a key role.
I connected the two people.
And I could have connected to government services of being necessary but neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When a neighbor helps another, we strengthen communities.
If we call animal control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we need to think about government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but you think one is the entrance of the other.
That our entry to the government system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader? Sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader and then hope that government reflects our values and satisfaction, but then we don't see changes.
That's because the government is like a huge ocean and politics is the surface layer of 15 inches.
Underneath this is what we call bureaucracy.
And we said that word with a lot of contempt.
But it's that contempt that holds that that belongs to us that we finance as something that operates in our against, that other thing, and we are losing power.
People believe that politics is sensual.
If we want this institution to work, we will have to make bureaucracy sexy.
Because that's where the real government works.
We have to collaborate with the government of government.
That makes the Occasional Movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of worried citizens that have written a very detailed report from 325 pages in response to the self-death project on the financial reform project.
That's not political activism, it's bureaucratic activism.
And for those of us who have resigned to the government, it's time that we ask what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the enormous challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really believe that we're going to get to where we have to go without solving the institution that can act in behalf of everyone?
We can't make government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to rethink the function of government so that it can expand by forcing civil society.
There's a generation that grew with the Internet and knows that it's not so hard to act a lot, you just have to articulate the systems in the right way.
The age of age of our members is 28 years old, so I, to regime, I'm a greater generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk about; they're all going to talk.
You can express your views in any channel at the same time, and you do it.
So when you face the government problem, you don't care much to do your voices.
They're using hands.
They put the hands to the work to program applications that make the government better.
And those applications allow us to use hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaning a hydrant, taking weeds, dumping a garbage cube that has a farmer inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those hydrants and many people do.
But these applications are like digital reminder that we're not only consumers, we're not only government consumers that we pay taxes and get services.
We're more than that: we are citizens.
And we're not going to fix government until we don't fix the citizenship.
So I want to ask all the present, when it comes to the important things that we need to do together, all together, will we be a vote of voices, or will we also be a crowd of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jails, prisons and death row.
I've spent most of my life in marginalized communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And I'm going to be here at TED watching and hearing these stimuli has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time is that TED has identity.
And the things that are said here are impacts all over the world.
In times, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that wouldn't have otherwise . .
I say this because I think identity is really important.
Here we've seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if you teach them feeling, you can have special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, it's a charitable, it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't actually learn this in the right practice, my job.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family dominated by a matriarch, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, it had power.
It was the last word in every discussion in the family.
She started a lot of the conditions in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
Her parents were born in the slavery in Virginia over the 1940s.
She was born about 1880 and his experience with slavery as he saw the world.
She was hard, but it was also loving.
When I was small and I looked at it, she was approaching me and gave me a good hug.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe and then hit me.
One or two hours later, I went back to look at it, and I was going to look up and said,``Brian, do you still feel my hug? ''
And if I said no, I was grabbed again, and if I said yes, I left in peace.
He had this human quality that I would always want to be near her.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the youngest of 10.
In times, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight years old, I woke up one morning, I went to the room, and they were running all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first, I thought it was a game.
So he looked at her and smiles, but she was very serious.
After 15 minutes, she stood up, went through the room, took my hand and said,``Come Brahanda . We're going to talk . ''
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget.
He took me out and said,``Brian, you'll tell you something, but you can't tell anybody . ''
I said,``Okay, Mom . ''
She said,``Now, let's not do it ."I said,``Sure . ''
Then I sat down, looked at me and said,``I want you to know I've been watching you . ''
And he said,``I think you're special . ''
He said,``I think you can do whatever you want . ''
I'll never forget.
Then he said,``I just want you to promise three things, Brian . ''
I said,``Sure, Mama . ''
And he said,``The first thing I want you to do is you always want your mother . ''
He said,``She's my daughter, and you have to promise me to always care . ''
As I loved my mom, I said,``Yes, Mom, so I'll do . ''
Then he said to me,``The second thing I want you to do is you'll always do the right thing, although the right thing is hard . ''
I thought, I said,``Yes, Mom . So I'll do . ''
Then he finally said,``The third thing I want you to do is you never drink alcohol . ''
I was nine years old, and I said,``Yes, Mom, I'll do it . ''
I grew up in the field, in the rural South, and I have a little brother a year older and a sister a year younger.
When I was 14, one day my brother came home with a six-year-old package, I don't know where I pulled them up, grabbed my sister and me and went to the forest.
We just came up with the madness of always.
He took a beer dream, offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me.
I said,``No, no, no . Okay . You follow, but I'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said,``Come . Today I do it . And you always do the same thing.
I've taken something, your sister also . Take a beer . ''
I said,``No . I wouldn't feel good . You can follow . ''
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said,``What happens? Take a beer . ''
And I kept my gaze with strength, and I went,``Ah, it won't be you still thinking about the conversation with breast . ''
I said,``But what are you talking about? ''
He said,``Mom tells all the grandchildren that are special . ''
I was missing.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that you shouldn't probably say.
I know this will spread widely.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit that I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't mean this thinking that it's a virtue; I say it for the power that identity has.
When we create the right kind of identity, we say things to others who really don't see meaning.
We can't get to do things that don't believe to do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all his grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been prisoners during the ban.
My uncles died from age-related diseases.
And these were the things that, according to her, we should be engaged.
Now, try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is today very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
There are 2.3 million.
In America, we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in parole freedom.
And this massive incarceration, in my opinion, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor communities or black communities, you find so much breakfast, so much despair, determined by these facts.
One out of every three black between the 18 and 30 years is in jail or in probation.
In urban communities across the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Washington , 50 to 60 percent of all young colors are in jail or in the condition of parole.
Our system is not just distorted in front of race, it's also about poverty.
In this country we have a judicial system that makes you much better if you're rich and guilty, that if you're poor and innocent.
It's not guilt, it's wealth.
And it seems like we feel very quiet.
The policy of fear and fusion makes us believe that these are not our problems.
We're disconnected.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work some good developments.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, you get privacy for always if you have a criminal conviction.
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has actually lost the right to vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years, the level of loss of rights will be as elevated as it was before they would take the law of the right to the vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
A lot of my clients are very young.
America is the only country in the world where it's 13 to die in prison.
We have this prison country for children, no chance of coming out.
Right now we are in the process of some limitations.
The only country in the world.
I represent people in death row.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
In a sense, you've been taught to think that the final question is, are people deserve to die by the committed criminals?
Very sensitive question.
But you can think about another way about how we are in our identity.
There's another way of looking at it: it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die by the committed crimes, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by error.
Out of every nine people executed, one that is innocent that it's excited and liberated from the death row.
A rate of error, amazing, an innocent nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation, it would never be allowed to be able to be able to pilot airplanes if every nine you would wake up, you would have to be star.
But somehow we get rid of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our burden.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of whether we deserve to kill.
It's interesting that in my classes with African-American history, I talk about slavery.
I talk about terrorism, the time that started at the end of the reconstruction and that lasted to World War II.
We don't really know a lot about this.
But for the black Americans in this country, it was a bit defined by the terror.
In many communities, people were afraid of being launched.
They were worried to be bombarded.
The threat of terror was what he defined their lives.
Now there are older people who come to me, and they say,``Mr. Stevenson, you speak talks, make speeches.
They ask me to say,``No . I say we grew up with that . ''
The era of terrorism continued, obviously, with the segregation and decades of race and separation.
We have a dynamic in this country that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we historically have done.
All the time we hit each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflicts.
It costs us work to talk about race . I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a real process and reconciliation process.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome racial segregation without a commitment to truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this commitment, but in this country we didn't.
I was in Germany giving conferences about death penalty.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said,``You know it's good enough to hear what you say . ''
He said,``We don't have death penalty in Germany.
We naturally never can have it here . ''
The room stayed in silence and a lady said,``There is no way with our history, we can never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intentional and deliberately, we started to execute people . ''
It's about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, execute people, especially if they were mostly Jews?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there is this disconnect.
I think our identity is in danger.
If you don't really care about these hard issues, positive and wonderful things are, however, involved.
We love innovation.
We're fascinated . We love creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are embedded by suffering, abuse, degradation, marriage.
In my opinion, it's necessary to integrate both of these things.
We lately talk about the need to have more hope, more engagement, more dedication with the basic challenges of this complex world.
I think that that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor, the ones that will never get to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that's inside of us.
We really have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So, despite being so rational, so committed to the intellectual.
With innovation, the development is not just about brain ideas.
These things come from food as well by heart convictions.
This connection of mind with heart is what drives us not only in the brilliant and dazzling, but also in the dark and the hard.
Vaccin Hawking, the great eye leader, talked about this.
He said,``When we were in East Europe suffering the oppression, we wanted all sorts of things, but mostly what we needed was hope, guidance for spirit, a will to be in despair sites and witness . ''
Well, that orientation for the spirit is practically in the heart of what I think, even in communities like TED, must be engaged.
There's no disconnect with technology and design, which allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, to exclusion, to inequality, to injustice.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
We go back to them.
I had the great privilege, being a very young lawyer, to meet Rosa Parks.
These women get together just to speak.
Occasionally, Mr. Carter called me, to say,``Britain, comes the Mrs. Park . We're going to get together to speak.
Do you want to come and listen to us? ''
I said,``I know lady . I want you . ''
So she said,``Well, what do you do when you come? ''
I said,``Listen . ''
So I went out and just listened to them.
It was very friendly, very inclusive.
And in one occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Ms. Parks went to me and said,``Now, Brian, let me say that's that idea of equal justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do . ''
And I started giving my speech.
I said,``Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help those who have been convicted initially.
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice.
We try to end up with the lives of life, no parole freedom for children.
We try to do something about death penalty.
We try to reduce the population in jails.
We try to end up with mass incarceration . ''
And I gave all my best speech, and when I finished, he looked at me and said,``Hmm hmm hmm . ''
And he added,``You'll end up exhausted, very exhausted . ''
At that point, Ms. Carrie leaned up, put my finger on the face and said,``That's why you have to be very, very brave . ''
I think actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We need to figure out how to deal with those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that each of us is higher to the worst we've made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if somebody says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong to it, it's not that it's a thief.
Even if someone kills another, it's not a killer.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who should be respected by law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country, and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite to poverty is not wealth.
It's not.
I really think that in many parts the opposite of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic, very beautiful, very inclusive, very stimulating, we're not judged by our technology, by our designs, not for our intellectual or rational capacity.
At the end you judge the character of a society, not because of the way they treat rich, powerful and privileged, but the way they treat the poor, the convicted, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand truly profound issues about what we are.
Sometimes I feel charged . I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too much force.
I get tired, like everybody.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in an important way.
I've been representing these guys who have been sentenced with a lot of sleep.
I'm going to jail and I see my 13 and 14 years old, which have been hacked to be judged as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone into what isn't?
The judge was told as an adult, but I see a child.
One night long was awake thinking -- by God, if judge can become something you're not, you must have magic powers.
Yes, Brian, the judge has magic powers.
You should ask some of that.
As it was too late, I couldn't think properly, but I started working on a mission.
I had a 14-year-old client, a little, poor, black.
I started working in the mission, with a shame that said,``Move for my 14-year-old black client is treated as a 75-dollar privilege, executive of a corporation . ''
In the mission, I put that there had been a behavioral behavior in the action, in the behavior of police and in the process.
There was a line on how in this country there's no ethical, but a whole lack of ethics.
And the next morning I woke up thinking about that kind of gut mission would be a dream, or did I really write it?
For my horror, not only had it reduced, it had sent it to the court.
About two months, I had forgotten.
And I finally decided -- Oh God, I have to go to the court for this stupid case.
I got into the car and I felt really agreed, overwhelmed.
I went in the car to court.
I thought this would be very difficult and cute.
I finally got out of the car . I walked into court.
I was climbing the stairs when I met a older black man; it was the preservation of the judge.
When he saw me, he came up and said,``Who is you? ''
I said,``I'm a lawyer ."He replied,``Is you a lawyer?"I said yes.
So I'm approaching, and I'm bored.
And I was whispering in the ear.
He said,``I'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that that was visual.
That was deeply connected with me, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience room.
When I walked into it, the judge saw me.
And he said,``Mr. Stevenson, you were writing this gold mission? ''
I said,``Sir I went to me ."And we started discussing.
People started coming . Everyone was outraged.
I was the one who had written those crazy madness.
They came up with the police, the awkward prosecutors.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people, all furious because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the ring of the eye, I went to see the thought I was going and came.
And I looked at the window, and I was able to hear the whole chart.
I kept walking for here and there.
Finally, this old black, with the face of concern, entered the room and sat behind me, almost at the table of lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, judge decided a recipe.
During the rest, a little bit of the success of the world was shown because the thought had entered the room.
The assistant is sticking on the old black.
He said,``Jimmy, what do you do in the audience room? ''
And the old black stood up, looked at the assistant, looked at me and said,``I went into this audience room to tell this young man who keeps his view on the target . ''
I've come to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big, but it folds towards justice.
That we can't be truly human if we don't care about human rights and dignity.
That our survival is tied to others.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity should lead to those of brotherhood, compassion and justice.
And above all of the people who share this, I just want to tell you they keep the view on the target.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and seeing an obvious wish of the audience, of this community, to help your purposes, to do something.
Something that's not a check . What can we do?
BC: There are several opportunities nearby.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a reference this spring in which an effort will be done to address the funds that are spent today in punishment policy.
For example, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars in death penalty, in the next five years, a billion dollars.
And despite this, the 46 percent of homicide cases don't include arrest.
56 percent of rapes don't get anything.
Here's a chance of change.
This reference is going to propose that these funds are going to make the law grow, to security.
And I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in crime in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation, you say it has to do with the biggest incarceration rate.
What would you say to those who believe that's like that?
BC: Actually, crime rate has remained relatively stable.
The great growth in mass incarceration in this country is not by crimes with violence.
It's the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase arises in the prison population.
And we let us convince the punishment of punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people into perpetual chain; to steal a bicycle, by small crimes against property, instead of making those resources back into their victims.
I think we need to do more to help the victims of crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy about punishment does nothing for anybody.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brian, we've been excited about today here today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having TED . Thank you.
Announcer: They grow the threats for bin Laden's death.
Announcer 2: Hunger in Somalia . Announcer 3: The police runs pepper gas.
Announcer 4: Carton charged . Announcer 5: Crazy mortality.
Announcer 6: social demand . Lock 7 : 65 dead.
Announcer 8: Get out of tsunami . Announcer 9: cyberattacks.
Several players: War to the orange.
recession . Bang.
Creatures . Death . disaster.
Oh my God!
Peter Diamandis: These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months, and they could possibly be the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that the press media prefer to give us negative news because our minds pay attention.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second of every day, our senses get a lot more data than probably the brain can process.
And as nothing more important to survive, the first stop of all that data is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called amygdala.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
I ordered and record all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us damage.
That's why a tens of stories will prefer to look at the negatives.
That old man would say,``If there's blood, sell ,"it's very true.
And because all the digital devices give us negative news, the seven days of the week , 24 hours a day, no wonder that we're pessimistic.
It's not surprising that people think the world goes wrong at worst.
But maybe it's not.
Perhaps, instead, what really happens is that we get distortion.
Perhaps the enormous progress made in the last century for a series of forces is accelerating in such a way that we have the potential to create an abundance world in the next three decades.
I'm not saying we don't have our good problems: climate change, the extinction of species, the scarcity of water and energy, without doubt we have.
As human beings, we're very good at flying the problems and, in the long, we end up with them.
Let's look at it in the last century to see where we go.
Over the last hundred years, the average of life has been more than doubled, average per capita per capita has tripled around the world.
Child mortality has reduced 10 times.
In addition, the cost of food, electricity, transportation and communications, has fallen 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we are living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kennedy that global literacy went from 25 to over 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we keep putting higher expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today in America, much of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, bathrooms, refrigerators, television, mobile phones, conditioning and cars.
The barber magic of the past century, the employees of the planet, would never have dreamed of such luxury.
Assuming a lot of this is technology and, lately, its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that has been involved in the information technology in this curve, Moore's Law, and doubled the price performance in about 12 to 24 months.
That's why the mobile phone you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a sexy in the '70s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First, how soft it is -- in good and bad time, in war and peace, recession, depression and booming.
It's the result of rapid computers used to build faster computers.
It doesn't stop any of the big challenges.
And even though it's carved on a law on the left, it goes up.
The growth rate of technology is in itself faster and faster.
And in this curve, to Moore Law documents, there's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we count today.
The computation in the cloud, that my friends of Autodesk call infinite computing, sensors and networks, robotics , 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production throughout the planet, synthetic biology, fuels, vaccines and food, digital medicine, the naturalist and the A.I . .
I mean, how many you saw the victory in Watson from Watson, of IBM?
It was epic.
I looked for the newspapers the best headline ever had.
And I loved this one:``Watson comes to human opponents . ''
Jeopardy is not a easy game.
It plays with the nuances of the human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone in the cell phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Sylvia University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to make a company, or a product or service, that can possibly affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the lives of a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would have been absurd.
Today we can point out a dozens of companies that have already done.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean creating luxury life for every single person on the planet; it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that, which is scarce and becoming plentiful.
You see, scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
Let me give you an example.
It's a story of Napoleon III in the middle of the 1800s.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited the king of Tim.
The troops of Napoleon ate with silver covers, and the same Napoleon, with gold covered.
But the king of Siberia, ate with aluminum covers.
You see, aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet; it's worth more than gold and platinum.
That's why it's the tip of the monument to Washington is aluminum.
You see, although aluminum is 8.3 percent of the mass of the Earth, it doesn't come as a pure metal.
It's driven by oxygen and silicon.
But then the electrons came and made the aluminum something so cheap that we used it as if it was disability.
We project this analogy to the future.
Let's think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet based for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get to the Earth 16 power stations every 88 minutes.
It's not about scarcity, but about accessible.
And there are good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the diesel generated : 8,000 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, solar electricity will cost six cents the kilowatts per hour compared to the 15 cents of national media.
And if we have energy abundance, we also have water abundance.
Let's talk about war now.
Remember when Carl Sagan came up with the Voyager spacecraft to the Earth , 1990, after Saturn happened?
I took a famous picture . How was it called?
\" A pale blue dot . ''
Because we live on a water planet.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent per water.
Yes , 97.7 percent is saltwater, two percent of it is ice, and we fight for 0.5 percent of the water on the planet, but also here is a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 years, but right now.
It comes the nanotechnology, the nationalism.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen, this morning, one of the banking innovators -- I'd like to share with you, he gave me permission to do this -- his technology called Slimmins, who are already aware of the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate a thousand gallons of clean water every day of any source, saltwater water, a latrine for less than two cents a gallon.
The president of Coca-Cola just agreed that I would make a major test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that goes right, and I have full confidence that it will be, Coca-Cola will implement it in 26 countries on the planet.
This is an innovation that is driven by this technology today.
And we've seen it in mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the developing world for the end of 2013.
Think of it, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And to tell with a smartphone with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of information and communications that nobody could have ever predicted.
And better than that, the things that you and I have paid tens and hundreds of thousands of U.S. dollars -- HIV video, images, book libraries and music, medical diagnostic technology now, and you lose market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing comes when it comes to health applications.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Local Fund Foundation called the X Ladies Treaty Tribe, of 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the world teams so that they combine these technologies in a mobile device that they talk to, and because it has A.I, they can be able to be blood from the finger.
To win has to make better diagnostics than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the morbidity charge is 25 percent, and there are 1.3 percent of health workers.
When this device sequence a virus of RNA or DNA, they don't recognize, call the health care and, first of all, prevent the pandemic.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance.
I call it the billions in increase.
The white lines here are the population.
We've just spent the 7 billion mark.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to give the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it will spend two billion to five billion Internet users.
Three billion minds never before you add to the global conversation.
What do these people want?
What do you think? What do you want?
And instead of an economic collapse, we will have the largest economic injection in history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars injected into the global economy.
And you're going to get more health thanks to the Triceraton, a better education with Academy Khan, and because of the use of 3D printing and computation in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can you give us three billion more members of humanity, healthy healthy and productive.
How about a few voices never before?
What if we give the oppressed, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and can act for the first time?
What are these three billion?
And if they are contributions that we can't predict?
Something that I learned with the X Prize is that small teams, guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things -- things that they could only do the big corporations and the governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you know.
It's called Poland.
I emerged at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein.
The folds determine structure and functionality.
It's very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a supercomputer problem.
They've played with this college teachers, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people joined and started playing it.
And it's shown that the machinery of human patterns today is better folding proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge trust in the future is that today we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the banking innovation.
We have the capital of the telephone.
And we have three billion new minds that will be used to work in the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have some extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
It's the emergence of the point of departure.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, I'll give you three examples to do time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know , 1853.
You might believe that you would lose paintings, but it didn't.
It actually collects fish.
And he described one of them as``common . ''
It was the grouper.
It was a lot to the 1980s.
Now the fish is at the Red List of the IUCN.
But we've heard this story many times on Galapagos and other places, so that doesn't have any special.
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're pristine.
The brochures still say they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept: the displacement of the waist.
Because I was there in 1971 by studying a West in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe and then wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could integrate.
I burned a lot with the sun, and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first exhibition to the sun.
The lagoon was surrounded by palms, and as you can see, from a few mangroves.
There were three-dimensional telescopes, the black beard tilapia.
And the fishing of this tilapia was very abundant and passed for a good time, so he was getting more than half in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later, the number of fish had halved.
They killed the five centimeters.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
I mean, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was complicated in the introduction of the drag fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, well, it started in the 1960s Europe made a lot of development projects.
Fish development meant to impose countries that already had 100,000 fishermen, to impose industrial fishing.
And this boat, quite ugly, was called the Mutria 4.
I went out to fishing in it, and we made studies in southern China Sea, and especially in the Java Sea.
And what we captured was something unacceptable.
We captured, now I know, the sea fund.
Ninety percent of what we capture were sponges, other animals that are in the background.
And most fish are tiny blobs on some remains, remains that are coral reef fish.
In short, the sea fund came to the deck, and then it was thrown.
These images are extraordinary because transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a study and then start commercial fishing.
The fund goes from being a soft coral fund, in this case, to be a crazy.
This is a dead turtle.
They didn't eat them . They picked them up because they were dead.
Once we capture a living.
I wasn't drowned yet.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of remains is what you collect the fishermen every time you go to an area where you've never fished.
But it's not documented.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We adjust the point of departure, the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this, something like this happens.
On the Y-axis, we have good things: biodiversity, the number of acres, the course of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time . Change because people do things with nature.
Each generation will use the images of the beginning of their conscious life as the normal and extrapolate forward.
The difference is they perceive loss.
But they didn't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the accuracy of change.
And at the end, I'll keep a few miserable remains.
And that, largely, is we want to do now.
We want to keep things that are no longer, or not what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to a few generations later.
Because obviously, an animal that is very abundant, before we get extinct, is unlikely.
You don't lose plentiful animals.
You lose a little bit of frequent animals.
Even if this is not perceived as a great loss.
Over time, we focus on the big animals, and in a similar sea of great fish.
They become little frequent because we fisheries.
Over time, there are a few fish, but we think that's the point of departure.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, question that it was very different.
And you'll do it because the evidence presented in a previous way is not the way they expect the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of you present, like captain such and such a lot of fish in this area cannot be used or, usually it doesn't use the scientists of fishing, because it's not``scientific . ''
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in inspired societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
From there the huge role that can make a marine protected area.
Because with protected marine areas, we really remember the past.
We recreated the past that people can't conceive because the point of the game has been run, and it's extremely low.
That's for people who can see a marine protected area and can benefit from the vision that provides, which allows them to erase their point of departure.
And what about people who can't do because they don't have access, like people in the Middle Ages, for example?
I think that the arts and cinema can perhaps fill the vacuum . simulation.
This is a simulation of the Balbeani Bay.
A long time ago there were gray whales on the Bay Bay; 500 years ago.
And you've noticed that the nuances and the qualities are like``Avatar . ''
And if you think about``Avatar ,"if you think about why people moved with the movie without talking about the story of the Palmers, why do you make images?
Because it gets something that, in a sense, has lost.
So my recommendation, the only one to give, is Cameron, do``Avatar II"underwater.
Thank you very much.
Hello . I'm Kevin Allen, the YouTube trend manager, and I look at YouTube videos in professional form.
It's true.
So today we'll see why videos make viral and what matters it is.
We all want to be stars: celebrities, singers, comedians -- when I was younger, that seemed very, very difficult.
But today, the web video makes any of us, or our actions, computer in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can get famous on the Internet in a saint.
Over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And, of those, just a little percentage gets viral, it gets infinite from visit and wins culture.
How does that happen?
Three things: trend creators, community communities and surprise factor.
Well, let's start.
Brad Visual: Oh, my God, God.
My God!
Wow.
Ooh, wow!!
KA: Last year, Brad Vincent published this filmed video outside his house at the National Park of Yosemite.
In 2010, it was 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproduction in the popularity of last summer.
Beatrine doesn't make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if it's called The Beatle Mountain Beach.
He had published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kimmel.
Jimmy Kimmel published this tweet that catapults the video to popularity.
The trends of trends like Jimmy Kimmen presents new things and interesting things, and they put them to a wider audience.
Rebecca Black: It's Friday, Friday . You have to start the Friday . You all want to get the weekend, the weekend . Friday, Friday, starting the Friday . KA: You won't think we could have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
\" Friday"by Rebecca Black is one of the most popular videos in the year.
You saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Just like``Archie rainbow double ,"this video seemed to have emerged from nothing.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask for those other peaks, they're also Friday.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday?
Well, the tsunami took and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson, from Mysore Science Theater, was one of the first people to make a joke about the video on Twitter.
But what's important is that a person or a group of trends of trends adopt a point of view and share it with a wider audience, accelerating the process.
So, this community of people who share this great internal joke then start talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 parasites in YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each other days.
Unlike the collective entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way to be part of the phenomenon by spreading or doing something new with that.
\" Norman Cat"is a repetitive animation with a chord music.
That is that, that's all.
This year it was about 50 million times.
And if you think that's weird, you know there's a three hours version of three million times.
Even the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats to see the video.
But what's important here is the creativity that I woke up with between the technical community of the Internet.
There were remix.
Somebody made a version of the old.
And then it became international.
All of a sudden, a whole community of remix made that this would happen to be a silly joke to something that we can all be part of.
Because today we don't just enjoy, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted``Archie rainbow twice"or``Rebecha Black or Norman Cat"?
What do you script could have written this situation?
In a world where two days of video you go up for minute, just that really unique and unexpected, you can highlight the way these things have.
When a friend told me that I had to do this great video of a guy who protests against the crowds to cyclists in New York, I admit that I'm not too interested.
Casey Nikola: I was moved by not circular by the bicycle, but there are often obstacles that prevent you properly by the baseball.
KA: Thank you to the surprise effect and your humor, Casey Nikola got five million to see and understand your idea.
So this approach is worth all the new things that we do.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Brad VC: What does this mean?
Ooh.
KA: What does this mean?
The trend creators, creative communities of participation, which is completely unexpected, are features of a new kind of media, of a new culture, that we all have access and is the audience that defines popularity.
As I said before, one of the world celebrities in the world, Justin Bieber, started on YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little bit owner from our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media, they're just the ones of today, but they're going to define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that's still going down.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece: a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a playwright, a man whose entire life had been supported in the single unit of unity and freedom of his country.
Imagine it while the communities go into Samuel, to face the fact that their life had been totally in vain.
The words, for so long, friends, they were now fighting it.
It was shelter in silence.
He died for history.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that have been in vain, and my lesson was to learn that history tried to clap, but we hold it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat at the dawn when they die quietly slowly in the sea.
My mother, Miami, was just 18 years old when his father died, and a concentrated marriage and two small girls.
For her, life had gone to a task alone: the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was inconceivable for her that I couldn't do it.
And after a four years old that challenges the fiction, a boat went down to the disguised sea of fisheries.
All the adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was pirate, rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother took a jar with poison.
If we were caught, we first would take my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant pace of the engine, the octopus diving on every wave, and the vast horizon and empty.
I don't remember the pirates that came several times, but they were fooled with the bravery of men in our boat, or the engine dying and not able to catch for six hours.
But I do remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, to end the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given by the men of the platform.
No apple had after the same taste.
After three months in a refugee camp, we went down in Melbourne.
And the next piece of puzzle is about four women over three generations by shaping a new life together.
We set up in Forgetons, a working-class suburb whose population is composed of immigrants.
Unlike the middle class suburbs, whose existence I knew, in Fords, there was no sense of the right.
The smells that came from shops were from the rest of the world.
And the frequency English fragments were exchange between the people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms, then in a car assembly line, working six days, double.
Yet, I found time to study English and get a title on IT.
We were poor.
All the dollars were assigned, and I established an extra tutor in English and math, no matter what you should take away, which was usually clothes . It was always a second hand.
Two pairs of media for school, one to hide the holes on the other.
A school uniform to the ankles, because I had to last six years.
And there were weird and painful singing on the``trait eyes ,"and some graffiti:``Asian, go home . ''
At home, where?
Something in me is hardened.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said,``I'm going to overcome you . ''
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was exhausted every night, but we were talking about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered nightmares, all of the boat.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmare would start to wake up.
She opened up a computer store, then I studied to be a sterile and opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't do the transition, angry and influential, and they were trapped by two worlds.
They looked for subsidies and sponsors.
They created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic Asian student, implant with what I would demand from myself.
In the other, I was buried in precise lives, tragically installed by violence, drug abuse and isolation.
But many received over the years.
And by that work, when I studied my last year of lawyer, I was elected by the year's young Australian.
And I was trained from a piece of puzzle to the other, but their edges didn't fit.
Now, I read Forgin anonymous, it was now as Le, refugee and social activist, invited to speak in sites that I had never heard, and in houses whose existence she would never have imagined.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use the covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine . .
I didn't know how to talk about nothing.
I wanted to retreat the routine and the comfort of life in an indigenous suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did for almost 20 years, counting on each day of each and getting asleep, three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom I couldn't do it.
I remembered that I had now the same age that she had when she got up to the boat.
The``no"was never been an option.
\" Do it ,"he said,``and you're not what you don't . ''
So I talked about juvenile and education and disability to the marginalized and the unexpected.
And the more frankly I talked, the more it was applied to speak.
I met people from all the roads of life, many of them doing what they loved, living on the border of the possible.
And although I finished my bachelor, I realized I couldn't stay in a lawyer race.
There had to be another piece of puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a stranger, a newly, new one on the scene -- and not just it's okay, but it's something that's going to be grateful, maybe a gift of the boat.
Because being inside can easily mean collapsing the horizon, it can easily mean accepting your province.
I gave enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that, yes, that the world is crumbling, but not the way we fear.
possibilities that had not been allowed to be really encouraged.
There was an energy there, an unlikely optimism, a rare mixture of humility and courage.
So I followed my intuition.
And I put a little group of people to the slogan``can't do"was an irresistible challenge.
For a year, we didn't have a penny.
At the end of every day, I made a giant soup of soup that we all share.
We worked until the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant things, and we opened up.
I made the decision to move to the United States.
After a journey.
My hunch again.
Three months later I had moved, and the adventure continued.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time when Christianity was the social norm and the local Mandarin was the person that mattered.
Life hadn't changed for centuries.
Her father died shortly after she was born.
The mother raised it alone.
At 17, it became a Mandela whose mother beat her.
No support of his husband, he caused a stimulus by decreasing it and taking the cause herself, and much more back when I won.
He can't be able to be wrong.
He was in the shower in the room of a hotel in Sydney when she died, at 1,000 miles, in Melbourne.
I looked through the shower of the shower and saw it on the other side.
I knew I'd come to get fired.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Fords, and we sat around his casket.
We tell him stories and we make sure that we were still with her.
At night, a monk came and told us that he had to close the coffin.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked the monk,``Why is his hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold? ''
\" Because you've taken your hand since the morning ,"he said.
\" They haven't solved it . ''
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Given who we were and how life formed us, we can now see that the men who had come to our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat would have done easily.
Now I want to have my own children, and I wonder about the boat.
Who could wish that for itself?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give them a proposal in their lives, diving brave on every wave, the primary rhythm of the engine, the vast horizon that doesn't guarantee anything?
I don't know.
But if I could give and see them safe, it would.
Travel Neil and also the mother of so is here today, in the fourth or fifth row.
My story begins in Rajasthan about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with a Munctur Ali singer.
We were making a conversation of how nothing has changed from the time of ancient Indian Stephen's``The Mahabharata . ''
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel into a car, we would run the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time when I wrote, the great Indian warrior press, he had thirst, he pulled a bow and a arrow to the ground, he got water.
Now we do the same with players and machines.
The conclusion we took was that machine had replaced magic.
And that contained me a lot.
Every time I felt a little bit more technology.
I was terrified of this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate, if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't tell my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic, not kill it.
As my grandfather, my grandfather gave me her pocket silver.
And this piece of technology in 50 years was for me the most magical thing.
It became a golden door to a world full of images, of pirate and rangers in my imagination.
I had the feeling that the mobile phones, luxury clocks and cameras that we have.
They face our inspiration.
So I launched, I brought this technological world to see how to use it to create magic, instead of killing it.
Now, Illinois books since the 16 years.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device able to connect the readers of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where are we.
To bring the text together with image, animation, sound and touch.
The storytelling becomes increasingly multi-touch.
But why does that serve us?
I'm about to launch Kyoto, an interactive application for iPad.
He says,``Put your fingers on every light . ''
And so, he says,``This box belongs to ..."I write my name.
And so I become a character of the book.
In several moments, I get a letter -- the iPad knows where I live through GPS -- that comes from me.
My little girl gets excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magic and dragons, but that magic of childhood, to those ideas that we opened up with children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar always became exciting.
So here, we have to tilt the iPad to release fireflies.
And actually, they illuminate your way in what the book remains.
Another idea that I was fascinated by a child was that a whole galaxy would know on a ball.
So here, every book and every world is transformed into a ball that I drag into this magic device, inside the device.
And this opens up a map.
In every fantasy of fantasy, there's been maps, but they've been static maps.
This is a map that grows, function and guide you during the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book, it's also revealed.
Now I'm going to go into.
Another very important aspect for me is to create Indian content and the contemporary time.
These are the shockers.
We've all heard about the fairies and the childhood, but how many people out of India know their Indian counterparts, would they suck them?
These poor people have been trapped in the cameras of India for millennia, in an old, wet book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child.
A story that deals with current issues like environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that children have been locked up, attached to their PCs, they haven't come out to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our children into the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections: sticks, stones, war and shells.
For some reason, kids don't.
So to recover this ritual of childhood, you have to go out and, in a chapter, take a picture to a flower and then tag it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then tag it.
So you create a digital collection of photos that then you can put on the Web.
A child in London puts a picture of a fox and says,``Oh, I saw a fox today . ''
A child in India says,``Today I saw a monkey . ''
And this kind of social network is created around a collection of digital photos that have been taken.
Within the connection variants between magic, Earth and technology are a lot of possibilities.
In the next book, we're planning to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad and the video on and through augmented reality sees a group of animated owners that appear on the interior plants of the house.
At one point the screen is filled with leaves.
And you have to make the sound sound and blow them to be able to read the rest of the book.
We go into a world where the forces of nature are intertwined with technology and magic and technology will get closer to another.
We leverage the energy of the sun.
We are approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic, joy and child love that we sit through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why a lot of school projects fail.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at Radio University was to make a director of listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she took a little cup of coffee or tea and asked patients, family and known: what happens?
\" How can we help it?
And we tend to think, this is one of the biggest problems for what everyone, or maybe not all, but most of the medical projects fail, because we stopped listening.
This is my Wi-Fi scale . It's very simple.
It has a period of turn.
All morning I got up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to get to 95 kilograms.
But it's so simple, every time I connect, I send my information to Google Health.
And my head doctor has access to him as well . So, he can see what my weight problem is, not at the same time when he needs cardiovascular assistance or some urgency of that style, but looking back.
But there's another thing.
Like some of you know, I have over 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So every morning I connect to my Wikipedia's scale, and before I go up to my car, people start talking to me:``Light, today I think you need a light lunch . ''
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the peers used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people out of their chairs, and together they will develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week, being available.
This little baby connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people could, from their houses, take their blood pressure, send them to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, they will regain control and to be captains of their own boat, but also can help us health care because of the challenges that we face, like the firing of the costs of medicine, the doubling of demand and other issues.
To do techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like these, but also through conductor.
And one of the things we did want to share with you with a video.
We all have navigation control in cars.
Maybe we even have them in our cell phones.
We know where the ATM.
Also, where all the gasoline is.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the closest DNA to help this patient?
We asked, but nobody knew.
Nobody knew where to get AIDS saved at this point.
What we did was to make conductor in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the public to say,``If you look at a DEC, please send it ,"and when it's open, because sometimes they open up in office hours and others are closed.
And over 10,000 DNA already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the app for that.
And we made an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Latin, augmented, to find these DNA.
And every time they're in the city of Massachusetts and someone collapse, they can use their iPhone, and the next weeks to use their Microsoft cell phone to find the nearest DNA, which can save lives.
And from today, I'd like to introduce this one, not just like DNA 4, which is the name of the product, but also like AIDS.
And we wanted to start globally.
We're giving all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find, work and act as a center for the DNA coverage around the world.
Every time you're from vacation and someone collapse, you can be a patient or someone in front of you, you can find it.
I would also want to invite companies around the world that could help us value these DNA.
They could be messaging services or phone people, for example, to see if the DNA that's shown is still in place.
Please help us in this and not just improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photography.
Or is it the picture?
Because, of course, they're pictures that cannot take their cameras.
My interest for photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years.
It mixed with my passion before the drawing, but it was a little bit different because using the camera, the process was in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera, the process ends when you press the pulse.
For me, photography had more than to do with being in the right place, at the point that we had.
I thought anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would begin to press the pulse.
photos like this: a building in a very transparent road.
But it has an unexpected twist.
And despite that, it keeps a level of realism.
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful at the time, but with the common goal of keeping the level of realism.
And when I say, I say photography.
Because, of course, it's not something that I can capture, but I always want it to seem to have been captured somehow as photography.
photos that you will have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It's more than seeing an idea that to capture a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them seem real?
Is it details or colors?
Does the light intervene?
What creates the illusion?
Sometimes the illusion is perspective.
But in the end, it's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive on a two-dimensional surface.
It's not really about whether it's realistic, but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of reality in which we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfect objects, which we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way, you can create something that still seems three-dimensional -- as if it exists.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So we deceive the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that that really doesn't make sense.
And I see the same process by combining photography.
It's really going to combine different realities.
And the things that make a picture look realistic, I think they are those where we don't even think -- things around us in our everyday life.
But by combining photographs, it's very important to consider, because otherwise something will be bad.
So I would like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective.
Second, the combined photos must have the same kind of light.
And these two images that are done with these requirements; they were taken to the same height and the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to distinguish the beginning and the end of different images with a perfect union.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is.
This is another example.
You might think this is the image of a landscape, and the bottom is manipulated.
But this image is completely composed by photographs of different places.
In the personal person, I think it's easier to create a place that you find it because you don't need to put in danger the ideas that you have in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter, I knew I had several months to plan, to find the different locations for the puzzle pieces.
For example, the fish was captured on a fishing trip.
The costs are a different location.
The underwater part was captured in a stone ball.
And yes, I even did red the house on the top of the island so that it looks more empty.
So to achieve a realistic outcome, I think it makes planning.
It always starts with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different photographs.
And here every piece is very well thought.
If you do a good job when you take pictures, the result can be very beautiful, and at the very realistic time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start showing a slide on technology, very boring.
Please, if you can put it.
It's a diagram that I took from a folder.
I'm not so interested in showing the details, but the general aspect.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the potential of RISD microbes versus the power of local areas.
What's interesting about this is that this one, as a lot of others we tend to see, is kind of a straight line on a logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude on the scale of performance.
Speaking of technology with sexual curves is something novel.
Something weird happens here.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please turn the lights.
It would need more intensity because writing about paper.
Why do we plot technological curves on logarithmic scales?
The answer is that if you draw them in a normal curve where, say, these are the years, or some unit of time, and this would be any measure of technology that I want to graph, the diagram would look ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if graffiti, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a feminist curve would be very silly, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this, you give a qualitative change.
If the transportation technology would move as fast as microwave, we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move to that pace.
There are no precedent in the history of the technological development of a retrofitting growth that every few years of magnitude orders.
The question I want to ask is -- looking at these exponential curves, we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes.
One of two things will happen.
Or it's going to become a typical curve, I know like this until it gets something completely different, or maybe I'll do something like this.
That's all that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this will happen.
So we would now be in the middle of a transition.
On this line, we are in a transition of what it used to be the world, to a new form.
So what I try to ask, and ask myself, is, what is that new way that embracing the world?
What new state is in the world?
The transition seems very, very confusing if we're embedded in it.
I remember the future in the year 2000, and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future is still the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has shrunk, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel that something is happening.
We can feel a transformation . We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years, because it all will be so different to extrapolate what we're doing today doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk about how it might be, how that transition might be that we experience.
But to do that, I'll have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and computer.
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and looking at things in the long term.
The time scale I'd like to do is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we went back to a few billion years when the Earth was a great sterile rock with many chemicals that float around it.
If we look at the way that chemicals were organized, we gave a sense of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start understanding the origin with RNA, and I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that is that, at the time, I had floating some oil droplet with all sorts of chemical recipes inside.
Some of those oil droplet contained a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials from the outside and so on.
And they started to divide.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms; those oil droplet.
But those blobs were not alive, in the current sense, because each of them contained a random recipe of chemicals.
And every time they were divided, they had an unequal distribution of the chemicals that they contain.
So each goal was a little bit different.
In fact, the blobs that somehow become better at the time of incorporating the chemicals surrounding, they grow more, they incorporate more chemicals and divide more.
They generally lived longer, they were more represented.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things got interesting when these blobs learned the trick of abstraction.
In some ways we don't understand very well these goals learned to store information.
They learned to get information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they worked in this meaningless evolution, a writing system that allowed them to record what they were to replicate.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since it evolved 2.5 billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, each living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code.
Here I have 100 white dust microorganisms that I try to hide people from security.
But it's -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use on this -- and I wrote my personal data on this DNA snippet and approached 10 to 22 times.
So if somebody wants 100 million copies of my personal card, I have a lot of for all the present -- in fact, for every person in the world and is here.
If it was a culture, I would have put it in a virus, and it would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy for another billion years.
But then another great step happened in which things were very different, and that was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information by forming these cells of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So, for example, it evolved the resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid penicillin, and they took them to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are many resistant resistance because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave rise to form communities that, in a way, were together in that, and they set up a synergy.
So they survived or failed together, or that if a community was very successful, all of the individuals in that community were represented, and they were affected by evolution.
And the inflection point happened when these communities came up so much that, in fact, they came together and decided to write all the community recipe together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And at that stage we have multicellular communities, communities of many kinds of different cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a multicellular community.
We have a lot of cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell does not serve the heart, or the muscles, or the brain, and so on.
So these communities evolved and became more interesting than the cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
These started to absorb information.
And to build very special structures that don't do more than process information in community.
It's the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they started to specialize within the community being responsible to record, understand and convey information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that point as individuals -- the learning was confined to the duration of an organism, not the period of evolutionary time.
So, an organism could, for example, learn not to eat some fruit because I knew bad and sick the last time he ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these information processing structures that would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years for the death of individuals that ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system built those information structures hugely accelerate the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now be confined to an individual.
It could happen in the necessary time to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So, for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an amazing invention.
I have a very complicated idea, a vague idea, in my head.
I'm sitting here by emitting a few groups, and hopefully by building a similar, vague, confusing idea, in their heads that led certain analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated, we become sound, in sound sequences, and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start working as an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started to perform abstractions.
Now we go by periods similar to multicellular organisms; we abstract our record methods, presentation and information processing.
For example, the invention of language was a little step in that direction.
The telephone, the computer, the video tape, the CDs, etc., are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that brings us into something much bigger, faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microseconds.
You saw the evolutionary example of Ted in which it produced a certain evolution with the program, in the front of our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the scales of time again.
The first stages of the story that told them took a billion years each.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next one, the language, took less than a million years.
And the next ones, like the electronics, seems just a few decades.
The process is feedback; I guess that attributes is the right word to name something that accelerates its own pace of change.
The more it changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we see in this explosion of the curve.
We see the process feedback.
But I make my life designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms that I work to design would not be possible without the recent computer advances.
But now I design objects of such complexity that would be impossible to me to design them conventional.
I don't know that it does every transistor in that conference machine.
There are billions.
Instead, with the designers of The Managerba Mansistan designers, we think about a level of abstraction, we put it into the machine and the machine with that does something that couldn't be done, it gets much further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes it makes methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method, which I've been using lately, is evolution itself.
We put inside the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of microseconds.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from an random sequence of instructions.
We say,``Please computer, can you run a hundred million sequences of instructions by random?
Can you execute these sequences of random instructions, execute all of those programs, and take those who are more excited about what we want to do? ''
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So, we found the programs that are more likely to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random instructions of instructions, order numbers, so none of them did.
But one, luckily, could location two numbers in the right order.
And I said,``computer, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that make the task better?
Let's look at those and we eliminate the rest.
And now we would play the best of the numbers.
And we're going to reproduce them by following a process of analog recovery to sex . ''
Let's take two programs, which will deliver children, who are exchanging substances, and children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of programs of programs that had a little more success.
And we say,``Please repeat the process . ''
It's calling again.
It involves some mutations.
And it tries again and again with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So, I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or, in complicated cases, in a few hours.
In the end, we end up with programs that order absolutely perfect numbers.
In fact, they are much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs, I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
These are dark, weird programs.
But they get the commit.
In fact, I know, I've got the security that they get the target because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that did it.
In fact, their lives depend on doing it.
I once went in a 747 with Mary Minsky and pulled a card and says,``Look at this.
He says,``This plane has hundreds of thousands of participants that work together to offer a safe flight ."Don't make you feel quiet?
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they get complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make good design processes.
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than the normal engineering produces.
However, we don't understand from all the choices that there are.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster, and so I can run these programs much faster.
I mean, it feeds.
The thing is getting faster, and so I think it seems so confusing.
Because all of these technologies are feedback.
We're getting off.
And we are at an analog moment to the single-celled organisms when they became multicellular.
We are the amoebas and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We are at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant from our part to think we are the final product of evolution.
And I think we all are part of the creation of whatever it is that comes.
But now comes the lunch, and I think I'll stop here before you get rid of me.
I think we need to do something with a part of the medical culture that should change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've practiced enough time to allow me to get part of my false prestige on that.
Before I treat my talk, we're talking a little baseball.
Why not?
We're near the end, the World Series.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is filled with amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's going to be``removed the rules ,"and it's talking about statistics and using them to form a great baseball team.
I'm going to focus on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called a battery average.
And we talked about 300, a battery that battery 300.
That means that Beijing battery effectively is three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball to the game field without being trapped, and anybody who tries to launch it to the first base, not in time, and the second base will be saved.
Three of 10.
You know how you call a 300 in the Great League.
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
You know how you call a baseball battery of 400?
By the way, that's somebody about 10 taps, four.
legendary -- like the legendary Ted Williams, the last League of the Great League of baseball to execute more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now let's try this to my medicine world where I feel much more comfortable, or perhaps less uncomfortable, after what I'll tell you today.
Suppose you have appendicitis and you're determined to a surgeon that has also a 400 in approach.
It doesn't work, right?
Now suppose that they live in a place away and one being loved has two obstacled coronary arteries, and their family physician is derived to a cardiologist whose record in anonymity is 200.
But you know something?
She's improving this year.
And their assets have been 256.
This is not working.
But I'm going to ask you.
What do you believe, that should be the average of the rise of a heart or orthopedic surgeon, from a nurse or a cognitive obstacle?
1,000, good.
And the truth of the issue is that nobody in the entire medicine knows the assets of a good surgeon, a doctor or a paradigm.
What we do, though, is to send them to the world, and I'm included, with the mandate of being perfect.
That never, ever, make a mistake and think about figuring out how to do it right.
That was the message that I absorbed when I was in medicine school.
I was a professional student.
Once, a fellow in high school said that Brian Goldman studied until a blood exam.
Such.
I studied in my little slide, in the nurse's General Hospital nurse, not far from here.
And I learned all memory.
From my anatomy, I memorized the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every artery that comes out of the air, the diagnostic difference frequency and not usual.
And I even knew the difference about how to classify the kidney underground acid.
And the more I accumulate more and more knowledge.
And I went very well; I graduated with honor.
And the school of medicine with the impression that if I memorized everything, then I would know everything, or the most possible, close to everything, because that's how I got rid of the mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met the Derek Dreamlin.
I was a resident in a college hospital here in Toronto when they brought Mrs. Drew to emergency service where I was working.
At that time, I was assigned to the cardiology service.
And when I was able to get to a cardiologist, I played to attend that patient.
And to inform the chief of residents.
When I saw Mr. Drug, I was leaving.
I heard a resolution sound.
And when the crash, I heard a broken sound on both sides, which tells me a cognitive heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of pumping blood forward, blood goes to the lungs, and that's why there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose.
I did, and I started working on the treatment that I would give you.
He gave him Spinabate and medication to alleviate pressure in his heart.
I gave him directors, water pills, so that I could eliminate liquid.
And in an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very well.
And that's when he made the first mistake; he sent her home.
I actually made two more mistakes.
He sent her home without talking to the chief of residents.
I didn't raise the phone, I didn't do what I should have done, which was to call my boss and get it to him to see it.
And if my boss had seen it, it would have been able to make a complementary information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that required constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility, that I could take care of my patients without even hitting my boss.
The second mistake that made was worse.
By sending her home, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my interior who said,``Goldman, it's not a good idea . Don't do it . ''
In fact, I was so insecure that until I asked the nurse, I said,``You think it's okay if you go to your house? ''
And the nurse thought, and then he said,``Yes, I think being okay . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So he signed up the high, and the ambulance together with the dancers took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, had a bad presentation in the stomach.
But I kept my job.
At the end of the day, I packed to leave the hospital and walked into the parking parking where my car was to go home . At that time I did something I didn't normally do.
I went through the emergency service.
And there's another nurse, not the one that was aware of the Dream Drug before, but another one . He said three words, those three words that most emergency doctors fear.
Other specialists fear it also, but there's a particular amount of engagement, and we see the patients fleeting.
The three words are: Do you remember?
\" Do you remember the patient who sent his house? ''
I asked the other nurse with total natural.
\" Because she came back ,"with the same voice of voice.
She was fine.
But back and on the edge of death.
At the time of an hour of having come to his house, after I gave her the high, he suffered a collapse and his family called 911 -- the paradigms brought it to emergencies with an arterial pressure of 50 miles, which means a severe shock.
I barely breathe and was blue.
The emergency staff dropped all their resources.
They gave him medication to climb the blood pressure.
And they put an artificial breath.
I was shocked and rocked up to the cord.
I had a sense of feelings because after the stabilize was in intensive therapy, and I was hoping against all hope that would recover.
And in the two or three days, it was evident that I would never wake up.
He had an irreversible brain damage.
The family got together.
And in eight or nine days, they went to what was happening.
And the ninth day, they let him go . Mrs. Drug, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The following weeks, I became amazed by that, and I first experienced the evil shame that exists in our medical culture, and I felt just, isolated, without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the peace and never even make that mistake . .
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The evil shame that I talk about is the one that makes us feel very bad inside.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong, but we are bad.
And that felt.
And it wasn't by my boss; he was a love.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure I put things out and make sure they wouldn't demand me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why don't I ask my boss? Why did he send her home?
And in my worst moments, why did I commit such a dumb mistake?
Why did I choose medicine?
A little bit of a sense of that feeling was disappearing.
And I started to feel better.
And on a cloudy day, the sky opened and finally came out the sun, and I wondered if I felt better again.
And I did a deal with myself in which if I had the efforts to be perfect, not to make more mistakes, I would make those voices.
That was.
I went back to work.
But he came back.
Two years later, it was help in the emergency department in a community hospital north of Toronto, and I received a 25 year-old man with a pain in the throat.
I was very busy and approved.
He would point out here.
I looked at his throat, he was a little color.
He wrote him penicillin and sent him home.
But as he goes to the door, he kept pointing his throat.
Two days later, when I came to do my guard change, my boss asked me to talk to me quietly in his office.
And I've pronounced the three words: Do you remember?
Do I remember the patient who saw for a pain in the throat?
Well, he came back and didn't have a presidential fatification.
He had a potentially deadly effect called epidemics.
You can look for Google . It's an infection, not from the throat, but of the top air, and that can cause the skull of those tracks.
He, fortunately, didn't fail.
You get antibiotics in the tracks, and you recover the few days.
And I went through the same period of shame and reflections, then I jumped, and I went back to work, until over and over again.
Twice in the same field of urgency, not diagnosed.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think it's been a discount.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation.
They order a radiation of kidneys, but it turned normal . A colleague that was checking the patient perceived a certain sensitivity in the lower right quadrant and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I read a liquid order to rehydration, and I asked my colleague to visit it.
You checked it, and when you noticed some sensitivity in the lower right square, I called the surgeon.
They were both operated and recovered.
But every case, I was determined.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a piece.
The most significant have been over the last five years.
Just, embarrassed and without support.
And here's the problem: if I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the vessel that tells me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues?
How do I teach them this to not make the same mistakes?
If I would go to a place like this, I would have no idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you heard someone talking about failure, after failure, after failure?
Of course in a party you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but you won't hear someone talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues as well, that a tragedy in my hospital took the wrong leg, believe me to have difficulty to look at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system that there are two positions: the ones that make mistakes and not -- those who can't sleep and the ones that have a few results and the great results.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, as antibodies that start attacking that person.
We have the idea that if we move from medicine to people who make mistakes, we will stay a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years, about 20 years of medical journalism and medical journalism, I've done a personal study of bad medical backgrounds and medical mistakes to learn what possible, from the first article I wrote for the Toronto Track to my program,``White Catholic, Black Art . ''
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous.
We work in a system where mistakes happen every day, in which one in 10 prescribed drugs in the hospital are wrong, or dopamine is not right . In a system where institutional infections are increasingly more and more numerous, by causing chaos and death.
In this country, they die 24,000 Canadian by evolutionary medical mistakes.
The U.S. Institute is 100,000.
In both cases, it's about crude underestimated, because we're not getting the problem as we should.
And so there's things.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiplied every two or three years, and we don't update.
Sleep deprivation invaded everything.
We can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow us to make a perfect history of a patient with pain on the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain on the chest, it comes mad with clean eyes, and with alcohol to alcohol, and all of a sudden, my story gets away.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot; I don't do things always equal.
And my patients are not cars . They don't relate their symptoms always in the same way.
So the mistakes are inevitable.
So if we take the system as they taught us, and we eliminate all the professionals to mistake, well, there will be no one.
And with respect, people don't want to talk about their most serious cases?
In my program,``white Deland, black art ,"is already a custom to say,``this is my worst mistake ."I would tell everyone, from the parameters to the heart of heart surgery:``This is my worst mistake ,"blah, blah, blah, blah,``What are your mistakes?"And I will steer the
And their students would stop, they would go back, they dropped their head and swallow the saliva and start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
You want to be able to say,``Look, don't make the same mistake . ''
They need a context where we can do it.
They need a redefined medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The redefined physician is human, you know human, you accept it, and you don't proud of your mistakes, but you're expected to learn from what happens to teach others.
It shares their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It pointed out the mistakes of other people not with the intention of catching them, but in a loving and loving way for everyone to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings are going to run the system, and when this happens, they commit mistakes every once.
My name is Brian Goldman.
I'm a redefined doctor.
I'm a human . .
I'm sorry, but I'm excited about learning something that can convey others.
I don't know what about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words: I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take one day?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
Recently, I made a survey to over 2,000 people and the average number of elections that say picking up an average American, is about 70 a day.
Not a lot, in a research, followed for a week to a group of business presidents.
The researchers recorded the different tasks of these executives and the time they employed to make decisions related to those tasks.
They found that, on average, they took 139 jobs a week.
Naturally, every job included many minimack.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more than their time.
Now think about your choices.
You know how many of you belong to the nine minutes category, and how many of you hour?
How do you qualify the way that you handle those decisions?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of today: choice to the operating of options.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I talk about this, I'm going to ask you a few questions and I need to know their answers.
When I ask a question, like I'm blind, raise your hand alone if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when you ask a question, if your answer is positive please give a stick.
And now my first question on the day: Are you ready to hear about the problem of the choice overload?
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at Stanford University, I was able to have this very, very high supermarket -- at least at least at least.
It was called Dr.'s.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were about 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar, over 500 different kinds of fruit and vegetables and about 25 of embarrassing water, and this was when we took the faucet water.
I loved going to that store, but I asked myself, why never buy anything?
This is the source of olive oil.
They had more than 75 different classes, including those who were on a sealed box that came from millions.
I once decided to visit the manager, and I said,``Does this strategy work of offering all these options? ''
He pointed out the buses full of tourists that came every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to make a little experiment with the membranes.
Half.
They had 340 different classes.
We installed a post to demand, just to the entrance of the store.
We put there in six tastes, or from 24 different flavors, and we looked at two things: First, what can people be willing to stop testing the bug?
More people stopped when there were 24 , 60 percent, that when there were only six , 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a break.
Here we find the opposite effect.
Of those who stopped when there were 24, only three percent came to buy merit.
Of those who stopped when there were six, we saw that 30 percent bought merit.
If we do the calculations, people had six times more likely to buy a bug if they found six . that if they found 24.
Well, deciding that we don't buy a dent, probably, it makes us, at least it's good to conserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of choice overload affects us in very momentous decisions.
We decided to decide, even though this doesn't connect us.
Now the theme of the day: financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with guru Humberrie, Mr. Kamillian and Wei Jane, in which we looked at the savings about savings for retirement about a million Americans, between 650 plans of this country.
We were interested to see whether the number of deceptions of funds available in the savings of savings for retirement, the 404 program, demonstrations people to save for the future.
And we discovered that there was actually a correlation.
We had 65 plans that went from two to 59 different options.
We found that the bigger the number of offered funds, the less participation.
So if we look at the extremes, we see that in the plans that offer two funds, the rate of participation was 70 percent or more, not as high as you wanted.
And in the plans that offer about 60 funds, the rate of participation went down to the 50th percentile.
It turns out even if you decide to participate, when there are more options, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those who decided to participate, the bigger the number of options, the more people they were engaged to avoid the actions or the investment funds.
As there were more options, they were more willing to invest in financial financial accounts.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would recommend to optimize the future financial well-being.
In the previous decade we've seen three main negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that they make the decision, that they play it even when this goes against self-interest.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions, in finance and health.
They're more likely to pick things less satisfying, even though they're going better.
The main reason is that we have to look at that giant variety of mass, mustard, vinegar and merit, but we're not able to make the calculations to compare, hire and choose from that amazing exhibition.
I want to propose to you today for four simple techniques that we've tried, in one form or another, in different research, so that they can test in their business.
The first is, cutting.
You've heard it before, but it has never been more true than today, that less is more.
People always bother when I say,``Cut . ''
They worry about losing space in the analogy.
But actually what we're seeing increasingly is that if you decide to cut, you will get rid of strange redundant options, there will be an increase in sales, you'll go down the costs, there will be a better experience in choice.
When Professor & Gamble went from 26 different kinds of Health & Shares to 15, you saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the Goldman Cat eliminates the products for cat waste that they sell, the uses were increased in 87 percent, for two causes: higher sales and fewer costs.
You know, the supermarkets of today, on average offers 45,000 products.
In a Walmart store, about 100,000 products are offered.
But the largest store in the world today is Aid and offering only 1,000 products -- a kind of car tomato sauce.
In the world of financial savings, I think that one of the best examples that have emerged on how to handle the choices is that David Labs, the Harvard program.
All Harvard's employees are automatically embedded to a life insurance fund.
You really want to choose, you give them 20 funding, not 300 or more.
You know, people often say,``I don't know how to cut.
They're all important options . ''
The first thing I do is ask employees,``Tell me the differences that there are among those options.
And if your employees can't differentiate, you can't do it either . ''
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Gary.
He told me that I would be willing to offer people of this audience some vacation with everything to the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give a applause if you're ready to take the door of Gary.
Okay . Anybody who's ready to accept the offer.
Aren't they?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who's ready for that journey?
I think I really got to hear more hands.
All right.
Actually, you had more information in the first round, which in the second, but I can say they thought the second time was more real.
Because the images were getting more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of the choice overload . That's to contribute.
For people to understand differences between options, they have to understand the consequences of every choice, and the consequences have to feel very vivid, very concrete.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average when you use debit cards or credit, that when you use cash?
Because it doesn't look like real money.
It turns out to make it more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Jim Bentleman and Andrew Prevention, on the personal NGO staff who was working at MRI, and these people were in a meeting where they were sticking to a 404 plan.
And that meeting, that we looked exactly like being used, we made a little addiction.
What we added was that we applied to the staff who would think about the positive things that would happen in their lives if they saved more money.
With this minute, there was an increase in the an approach of 20 percent and an increase in the amount they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings accounts, four percent.
The third technique is classify.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study that we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in Weight supermarkets, along the northeast corridor, the magazine exhibition can contain from 33 different types to 64.
But you know?
Because classification tells me how to tell them.
These are two jewelry displays.
One is called``Jack"and the other,``Swiss . ''
If you think the one on the left is Swiss and the one on the right is jazz, they give a pat.
Well, there are some.
If you think the one on the left is jazz and the one on the right is Swiss, they give a pat.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is jazz and the one on the right is Swiss . But you know something?
This classification scheme is totally useless.
categories have to indicate something to who choose, not that I define them.
You often see this problem with those huge fundraising lists.
supposedly, who are they informing?
My fourth category: Consideration complexity.
It turns out that we can handle much more information than we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We need to increase complexity gradually.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's look at a very complicated decision -- buy a car.
This is a German car manufacturer that allows you to completely personalized.
You have to take 60 decisions, to assemble the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offer each one.
colors, outside of the car . I have 56 possibilities.
Voice: Championship box -- four options.
What I'm going to do is vary the order that decisions appear.
So half of the clients are going to go from many options , 56 colors, a few, four boxes.
The other half of the customers are going to go from a few options, four boxes, to 56 colors, many options.
And what am I going to look?
How involved you are.
If you're always acting the button by defect in every decision, this indicates you're overwhelmed, or you are losing them.
We find that the ones that go from many choices to a few times, put the button back over and over again, and another.
We lost them.
If you go from a few choices to many, they continue there.
Same information, same number of options.
The only thing I did was to alter the order in which information is presented.
If we start with the easy, you learn to choose.
Although the choice box doesn't say anything about the preferences of inner decoration, anyway, it prepared us to choose.
We're excited about a product that we're building that now has more connected to the process.
To sum up.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the options of options: cutting, eliminating strange alternatives; to contribute, make it real; classify, we can handle more categories with fewer options; to build complexity.
All these techniques that I've presented you were designed to help manage the alternatives, or better for you, to use them in their issues, or for people who serve.
I think that the key to getting the best of an election is being careful by choosing.
And the more careful we are in our best choices we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the 1980s, in the communist East Germany, if you had a typewriter, I had to register it to the government.
You had to record a piece of text in writing with the machine.
And this for government could track the origin of texts.
If you found a writing with the wrong message, you could track the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we didn't think that someone could do this, how much it would limit freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color printer of any big manufacturing, and print a page, that page will end up having some yellow dots printed on every page that's going to follow a pattern that makes them themselves and their printer.
That's happening to us today.
And no one seems to be angry for this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, the citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems on the network.
If you look at what happens in the online world, we can get the attacks on their attacks.
There are three main groups.
There are criminals.
like the Mr. Diagram Gulf of the city of Kiev, in Ukraine.
The mobile phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use a lot of money to earn a lot of money, lots of money.
There are really many cases of online, billionaires, who won money with their attacks.
This is Valiana Tasmanian, from Turkey, Estonia.
This is Alfred Gontry.
This is Stephen Watt.
This is Brazil Singa.
These are Matthew Anderson, Tahri Allen etc., etc., etc.
These guys make their fortunes online, but they do it by illegal media by banking trailers to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in an infected computer.
The U.S. secret service, two months ago, froze the Swiss account of this lady, Sam Jain, and this account had 14.7 million dollars when he was frozen.
Mr. Jain down; he recognizes his park.
And I say today is more likely than any of us are victims of a crime than a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this goes from bad at worst.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacks that we see today is not motivated by money.
There's another thing that moves them, they motivate the protests, they motivate the opinions, they motivate laughter.
Groups like Anonymous have gone down in the last 12 months by occupying a role in the online attacks.
Those are the three main attacks: criminals that do it for money, hackers like Anonymous who do it to protect, and the last group is the national states that attack.
And then we see cases like the Deceir of Digital.
That's a good example of government attacks against its own citizens.
Digital is a corporate authority of the Netherlands or actually it was.
It declared the last fall because of a taste.
They were holding the safety of the site and allowed a cyberattacks.
Last week, I asked, in a meeting with Dutch government representatives, I asked one of the leaders if they found out of the death of people because of the death attack.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die because of an attack of these?
Digital is a certified authority.
They sell certified.
What do the certificates serve?
Well, you need if you have a website with hackers, series of services, SMS, services like Gmail.
Except that it's a foreign certified authority.
They emit confident certified.
And in the case of Digital, exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt?
Well, in Egypt the protesters took the headquarters of the Egyptian secret police in April 2011, and during the building of the building, they found a lot of paper.
Among those papers was this called``Anderican African-American . ''
And within that folder, there were notes of a company in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept large-scale communications of the country's citizens.
It had sold this tool for 200,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The company's headquarters is right here.
I mean, Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments do this to themselves.
For example, in Germany just a couple of weeks ago, the Sculpourdest trailer was found -- a transistor used by German government officers to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interested.
But now it goes beyond.
You intercept the Internet connection.
They're going to use even tools like the Sculpourder Trible to infect our computer with a transistor to allow you to see all the communication, and listen to the arguments online, to get our data.
When we think about things like this, the obvious answer should be``Well, it looks bad, but it doesn't really affect me because I'm a honest citizen.
Why would you worry?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's the privacy.
Privacy is not arguing.
It's not a question of privacy against security.
It's about freedom against control.
While we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right right now, to be forever.
Are we going to be blindly confident in any future government, in an administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that have to worry about the next 50 years.
This is where I live . I live in Kenya, in southern Nairobi Park in Nairobi.
These are the cows of my dad, the background, and behind the cows, the National Park of Nairobi.
The National Park of Nairobi has no close in most of the south, which means that wild animals like zebras migrate freely out of the park.
And predators, like lions, follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our livestock.
This is one of the ones who killed at night, and so soon we got up in the morning, and we found it dead, because it was the only bull we had.
My community, the masses, we think we come from heaven with our animals and all the land to track them, and so we value them so much.
So I grew up with the lions a lot.
The dying are warriors that protect our community and the livestock, and they're also upset with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of the six lions that they killed in Nairobi.
I think that's why there are so few at the National Park of Nairobi.
A child in my community, at age six, is responsible for the livestock of his father, and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought that lions gave them fear.
But I realized that actually this doesn't serve, because even helped the lions see the state of far.
I didn't laugh . I continued.
A second idea was to use a spot.
I was trying to deceive the lions to believe that it was near the stable.
But the lions are very smart . They came the first day and saw the spot, and they went, but the second day, they came back and said,``This thing doesn't move, it's always here . So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the belly with a torch, and that day the lions didn't come.
I discovered that lions are afraid of light that moves.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch that I would press and turn out the lights.
And this is a little lamp of a broken flashlight.
I heard everything.
As you can see, the solar cell load the battery and the battery supply the electricity to the little indicator box . I call it a transformative.
And the toilet box makes the lights flash.
As you can see, the bulbs give out, because that's where the lions come from.
And that's how lions see when they come from night.
The lights flash and deceive the lions to think that I'm walking through the stable, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never had any problems with lions.
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea.
One of them is this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals, and I asked if I could put the lights.
I said yes.
I put them . You can see the bottom, these are the lions for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used by all of Kenya, to scare other predators like hyenas, leopards, and also being used to carve elephants of farms.
And because of this invention, I was fortunate to get a scholarship on one of the best schools in Kenya, Brook International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school is helping to raise funds and awareness.
I even took my friends to my community and we installed lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So, a year ago, I was just a child on my savanna prisoners, the cows of my father, and I used to see airplanes flying, and he said that someday I would be inside one.
And here I'm here today.
I got the opportunity to come in an airplane for the first time.
My great dream is to get an engineer of aviation and pilots when it grows.
I used to hate lions, but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions, we can be with lions without any conflict.
A smooth . What in my language means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like yours.
So you got a scholarship . Richard Turkey: Yeah . .
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next one on your list?
RS: My next invention is -- I want to make an electrical fence . CA: An electrical fence?
RS: I know that the electric fence, but I want to do mine.
CA: You're trying to do it once, right? And you -- R: I've tried before, but because I got a wire . CA: At the foot of the canyon . Richard Turkey, you're big.
We're going to animate it at every step that you, friend of mine.
Thank you very much . RM: Thank you very much.
When I was small, I thought my country was the best of the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called``Don't envy anything . ''
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying the story of Kim Il-Sung, but we never learned a lot of the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea, Japan are the enemies.
Although sometimes I wondered about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend all my life in North Korea, until it all changed all of a sudden.
When I was seven, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family was not poor, and I was never hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter of my sister's colleague.
He said,``When you read this, the five family members will stop existed in this world, because we haven't eaten in the two weeks.
We're wired together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak, we're prepared to die . ''
I was very altered.
I was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At the time, when I was walking in front of the train station, I saw something terrible I can't erase from my memory.
A woman without life was dead in the street, holding a little boy in his arms looking at his mother's face without being able to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about caring themselves and their families.
A huge famine in North Korea in the mid-'70s.
In the end, more than one million North Koreans died during the famine and just few survived eating, insects and tree cortex.
They also became more and more often, the energy cuts, all around me was completely dark at night except for sea lights in China, barely crossing the river from my house.
I always asked myself why they had light and we didn't.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the America River, which serves from limits between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very analog at certain points, allowing Koreans to cross secretly.
But many die.
Sometimes I see bodies floating in the river.
I can't reveal the details of how I came out from North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of famine, I was sent to China to live with distant relatives.
But I just thought I would be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined that I would take 14 years back together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be like as a Norden refugee.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because the northern refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be repeated to a horrible destination back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare became reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police, and I was interested in the police station.
Somebody had accused me about being North, then they looked at my skills in the Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explode.
If it didn't look natural, it could be incarcerated and depressed.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I was able to control my emotions and answered questions.
At the end of the interrogation, an officer told another,``This was a fake report . She's not North . ''
And they let me go . It was a miracle.
Some Koreans in China are looking for foreign embassy.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and sports.
These women had a lot of luck.
Even though they had captured them, they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure.
These Koreans didn't have so lucky.
Every year, countless Koreans are captured in China and sports to North Korea, where they're tortured, jailed or executed in public.
Although I was lucky to escape, many other Koreans haven't been so lucky.
It's tragic that the Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard just to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, everybody can go into a moment.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I decided to go to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
Teenagers in South Korea was a much larger challenge than I expected.
English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a great gap between North and South.
We're all Korean, but inside, we've become very different because of 67 years of division.
You even go through a crisis of identity.
Am I Korean or North?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country I could call with pride.
Even though to adapt to life in South Korea was not easy, I made a plan . I started studying for the University of income to university.
Just when I was starting to adapt to my new life, I got an alarming call.
North Korean authorities inspired some money that sent my family to my family, and as a punishment, my family was going to be displaced to the force to a parking location.
They had to flee immediately.
I started planning how to help them escape.
The Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So, ironically, I took a flight to China, and I walked into the border with North Korea.
Since my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to guide them, somehow, for over 3,000 miles across China, and then through Southeast Asia.
The bus trip took a week, and we were almost trapped several times.
Once, our bus was arrested and addressed by a Chinese police officer.
He asked the identification of everyone, and he started asking questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese office came up to my family, he was imprisoned, and I told him that they were a fellow people who were accompanying.
He looked at me honestly, but fortunately I believe.
We did all the way to the Ross border.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Lagos.
But even after I passed the border, my family was arrested and imprisoned to cross the border illegally.
After paying multiple and bribes, my family was released in a month.
But in time, my family was arrested and locked over the capital of Lagos.
This was one of the lowest dots in my life.
I did everything to release my family, and we were so close, but my family was arrested in prison at short distance from the South Korea embassy.
I went and came between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to liberate my family.
It didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or crutches.
I lost hope.
At that point, or a man's voice to ask,``What is the problem? ''
I was so surprised that a stranger would care.
With my poor English, and with a dictionary, I explained the situation, and without doubt, the man went to the ATM and gave me the rest of money for my family and for another two Koreans and taking them out of prison.
I thank you with all my heart, and I asked him,``Why do I help me? ''
\" I'm not helping you ,"he said.
\" I'm helping the North village . ''
I realized that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The unknown standard symbolizes a new hope for me and for the North American people.
And I showed that the kindness of the unknown and the support of the international community are really the rays of hope that the North American people need.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I met in South Korea.
But it's just half the battle.
Many Koreans are separated from their families, and when they go to a new country, they start with little or nothing of money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, the language of English language, work practice, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people inside North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us follow in contact with family still inside, and we send information and money that's helping to change North Korea from inside.
I've been very lucky, I've received a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help entrepreneurs an opportunity to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more North Koreans transported around the world, including the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South Central.
This is Central South: little blues, fast food, white terrain.
So the city planners came together and they thought, let's change the name of Central Central to represent something else, so they changed it to the South Angeles, as if this fix what's actually wrong in the city.
This is the South Angeles.
Just like 26 million other Americans, I live in a food desert, Los Angeles Center South, home from the food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that the food places to lead more people than food in the car.
People are dying of curable diseases in Los Angeles Center South.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times larger than, say, Beverly Hills, which is about 15 miles away.
I get tired of seeing this happen.
And I wonder, how would you feel if you didn't have any access to healthy food, and if every time you come out of home you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in your neighborhood?
I see chairs of compressed wheels and sold as cars used.
I see hundreds of dialysis by planning like Starbucks.
And I think this should stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
In addition to me, I've been able to drive 45 minutes away and go back to buy an apple that has no pesticides.
What I did, it was to plant a food forest in front of my house.
In a line of land we call a gardening.
It's about 45 feet three.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said,``Well, I can do what's coming on me, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it . ''
That's how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A . Green Groups, we put together and start planting our food forest, fruit trees, you know, the nine full vegetables.
What we do, we're a kind of a group paid for advanced propellers of all the products, all the city and completely voluntary, and everything we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then someone complained.
The city came on to me, and in summary, they gave me a catalyst saying that I had to remove my garden, the catalyst was made out of court.
And I said,``Let's go, really?
A judicial order for planting food in a piece of land that no one matters?"So it was like,``Well, let's keep it . ''
Because this time wasn't going to happen.
L.A. has the story written by Steve Little, and I talked to the focus and one of Green Grounds, who put a petition in Charlesce, with 900 signatures, we were successful.
We had the victory in our hands.
My focus even called to say that they went and worship what we were doing.
I mean, let's go, why not?
L.A. is the city of America with more white terrain.
It's got 68 miles of white terrain.
That's about 20 Central Park.
That's enough space to plant 750 million plants of tomato plants.
Why does the hell don't look good about this?
Growing a plant to give about a thousand , 10,000 seeds.
And when a dollar of ships will give you 75 dollars of results.
It's my mood, when I tell people, grow your own food.
Growing your own food is like printing your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for Central South.
I grew up there . I raised my kids there.
I was reluctant to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing for me, and I'm going to make my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The gardening is my graffiti, I grow my art.
As an artist of graffiti, that emerged walls, I embraced soils, gardens.
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of canvas, and plants and trees, are my emotional canvas.
You'd be surprised to see what the land can do, if you let it be your canvas.
You just can't imagine how awesome a sunflower and how it affects people.
What happened?
I'm a witness of how my garden became an education tool, a transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We are the land.
They would be surprised to see how kids affect.
The gardening is the most therapeutic and provocative act that you can do, especially in a city.
Also, they get strawberries.
I remember one occasion, who came a mother and his daughter, they were like 10:30 at night and they were in my garden, salt and looked very quickly.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is in the street for one reason.
I felt shame by seeing people who were so close to me with hunger, and this just reinforces why I do this, people ask me,``End, don't you get people to steal your food? ''
I say,``For God, I'm not afraid that you're going to steal it . ''
It's on the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but at the time, I want you to check your health . ''
There was another occasion that I put a garden in a refugee shelter in the center of Los Angeles.
There were these guys who helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous, they shared my stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with their mom and their grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so just for a moment.
So Green Grounds has come to plant maybe 20 gardens.
We've had, like about 50 people who come, work and participate, all in voluntary plan.
If kids grow color, kids will eat color.
If you grow tomatoes, you'll eat tomatoes . But if none of this is taught, if you're not taught how food affects your mind and your body, you eat blind what you put in front of you.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they're stuck in, and I see color kids that are in this path designed for them, which don't take them anywhere.
With the gardening, I see an opportunity in which we can train these kids who are going on their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Washington Carrow is produced.
But if we don't change the composition of land, we'll never do it.
Now this is one of my plans, this is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens, where people can share food in the same square.
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy cafes.
Don't get wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability is that you have to replace it.
What I'm talking about is to put people to work, get kids out of the street, who know the joy, the pride and the honor of growing their own food, opening farmers of farmers.
What I want to do here, we have to make it sexy.
I want you all to become ecological, greenhouse, cave gardens.
We need to change the script of what is a supermarket.
If you're not a garden, you're not a spirit.
That the gangsters take their role?
That's their weapon of choice.
In sum, if you want to meet me, well, if you want to see me, don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some crap -- to talk about doing some shit.
If you want to see me, come to the garden with your stick so that we can plant something.
Peace . Thank you.
Thank you.
( Miracle sounds) (Microbiome: You probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made of asphalt, and asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, that it rains a lot.
You can have a lot of water in the asphalt that goes out.
And especially if you're riding in your bicycle, and these cars happen, that's not very nice.
Also, asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like the Netherlands, very close to cities, we want a silent road.
The solution for that is to make porous asphalt roads.
The porous asphalt, a material that we use now in most of the roads in the Netherlands, has pores and water can pass through it, so the whole rain water flow into the side and have a road that is easy to drive, and not to get water ever more.
The noise will also disappear in these pores.
Because it's very hollow, all the noise will disappear, so it's a very quiet road.
It also has disadvantages, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can get rid of it.
What is it? You see that in this road, the surface stones are coming out.
First a stone, then several more and more and more and more, and then -- well, I won't do that . But they can give them their windshield, and they won't be happy with that.
And finally, this can also take more and more damage.
Sometimes you can create bacteria with that.
Ah . It's ready.
Backs, of course, that you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
And here you can really see how damage appears in this material.
It's a porous asphalt, as I said, so it only has a little amount of manager between stones.
Because of the present, to the ultraviolet light, to the oxytocin, this manager, this gene, the glue between the river, will be picked up, and if you pick it, you'll be made and shortly apart from the added.
So if you drive out of the road, you'll get the added out -- as you saw here.
To solve this problem, we think of surrounding materials.
If we can make this material surrender, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool, from that to clean up the ground, and we can cut the steel wool into very small chunks, and we can mix those little bits with the gene.
So we have asphalt with little bits of steel wool in it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- an indication machine.
The industry can heat, especially steel, is very good at that.
So what you have to do is heat the steel, melt the gene, the gene flow through these microbes and rocks will look back to the surface.
Today, I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the big induce machine here.
The microwave oven is a similar system.
I put the sample, which I'm now going to take to see what happened.
This is the sample coming out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there and then the government, they really saw our results, and they thought,``Well, that's very interesting . We have to try . ''
So they gave us a piece of road , 400 feet from the Highway highway, where we had to do a trial lane to test this material.
So that's what we did there . You see where we were doing the road test, and then, of course, this road will last several years without any damage . That's what we know about practice.
We take a lot of samples of this road and test them in the lab.
We did aging the samples, we put a lot of charge on them, we repeated them with our induce machine and we repeated them, and we'd test them.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we've done a material using steel fibers, including these fibers, using the energy of induction to actually increase the life of the road surface, can even double the life of the surface, actually save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity if this also worked.
We still have the sample here . It's pretty hot.
And actually, you have to face first before you can show you how repair is.
But I'm going to make an attempt.
Let's see . Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember having woken up one morning with the sound sound in my house.
My father was listening BBC News in his little gray radio.
He had a great smile in his face that was unusual at those times, because the news generally depressed it.
\" The Taliban were!"I screamed my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
\" Now you can go to a real school ,"he said.
One morning I'll never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban came out of Afghanistan and made it illegal that girls went to school.
For the next five years, I saw myself as a child to escort my older sister, who could no longer be outside, to go to a secret school.
It was the only way that we were able to educate ourselves.
Every day, we took a different route so that no one could support where we were.
We had to hide the books in market bags so that we were shopping.
School was in a house, more than 100 of us in a little room.
It was nice in winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew that we risked our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Occasionally, school closed up for a week, because the Taliban suspected.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
Were they following us?
Did you know where we live?
We were terrified, but still, the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total impression of a remote province of Afghanistan, insisted that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so his father was holding him.
But my education mother became teacher.
This is her.
It will retreat two years ago, just to turn our home into school for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is, was the first of his family to get education.
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban, despite the risks.
For him, there was a bigger risk not to educate his children.
Over the years of the Taliban, I remember there were times that I was very frustrated by our life and I was always scared and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to quit, but my father said,``Yemeni me, daughter, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money . You can force your house for a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, what's here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we will.
So, don't you even want to continue? ''
Today I'm 22.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of women in my age have more than the cod, and if my family hadn't been so engaged with my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself here proud to graduate at Library College.
When I went back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, who was exiled from his home for the courage to educate his daughters, was one of the first ones to congratulate.
He doesn't just get out of my college title, but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, I've taken it down by driving the streets of Kabul.
My family believes in me.
I dream big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador in 1974, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why I cofounded AOL, the first and maybe the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risky for girls to go to school.
What's exciting is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to leverage the opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families who, like mine, lawyers for them, to weigh and still face a daunting opposition.
Like Ahmed . It's not his real name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than one month ago, he and his daughter went on the way from AOL to his village, and literally they escaped to be killed by a bomb on the way, for minutes.
When you get to your house, you're the phone, a voice would warn you that if I kept sending his daughter to school, you would try and try.
\" Method, if you want ,"he said,``but I won't give my daughter's future for its old old ideas . ''
What I've realized about Afghanistan, and it is something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of those who we succeeded, there's a father who recognized the value of his daughter and see that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success.
In fact, they are often the first compelling interests of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban, girls who went to school have hundreds -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, more than three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes.
I fear that these changes don't sleep much, after the retreat of the U.S. troops.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I see students in my school and their parents who are advocating for them, that they encourage them, I see a future promise and a lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and possibilities, and every day of SOPA girls remind me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
Never, I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in the exile,``daughter, resist Gaddafi . fight him.
But you never get a revolutionary style . ''
It's been almost two years since the liberal revolution inspired by the surge of mass mobilization, both of the Tunisian revolution as the Egyptian.
A forces with many other book citizens, inside and out of the country to call one day of anger and start a revolution against the Australian regime of Gaddafi.
And we did it; it was a big revolution.
Women and young books were in the forefront, demanding the fall of regime, providing paradigms of freedom, dignity and social justice.
They've shown an example of looking at the brutal dictatorship of Gaddafi.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the East East to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war and some losses of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the tyrant.
However, Gaddafi left a heavy load, a legal legacy, corruption and warning seeds.
For four decades, the fabric regime of Gaddafi destroyed infrastructure, culture and moral structure of Libya society.
It's aware of the devastation and the challenges, I've wanted, along with many other women, rebuild liberal civil society, demanding an inclusive transition and right towards democracy and national reconciliation.
They set up about 200 organizations in Kenya during, and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi . About 300 in Triplet-triplet.
After a period of 33 years of exile, I went back to Libya and a unique enthusiasm, began to organize workshops about the development of capabilities, and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women, we founded the Women's platform by Peace, a movement of women, leaders, very diverse orientation, to advocate for the political autonomy of women and for our right participation right in building democracy and peace.
I found a very difficult environment in the preliminary period -- an environment that was getting more and more polarized, which is moving from the emotional policy of domination and exclusion.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won a 17,880 percent of the National Congress in the first 52 years.
However, shortly, the education of elections and revolution as a whole, were disappearing; every day we found violence news.
So one day we woke up with the news of ancient mosques and Sufi graves.
Another day I was working with the news of the American ambassador and the consumer attack.
Another day we wake up with the news of the Army officers.
And every day, every day we wake up with the military government and their continued violations of human rights rights and their lack of respect of law.
Our society, shaped by a revolutionary mindset, is more popular, and it's gone away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at first.
The intolerance, the exclusion and the revenge became the icons of the consequences of revolution.
I'm not here today at all to inspire you with our history of the crazy list and the election.
Rather I'm here today to confess that we, as a nation, choose bad, make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace, stability and security to Libya.
Is the crazy list and the alternative between candidates and candidates brought peace and national reconciliation?
No, they didn't.
So what happened then?
Why does our society still follow and dominated with selfish policy policies and exclusion, both by men like women?
Perhaps what failed was not just women, but the female values of compassion, mercy and inclusion.
Our society needs the national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than they needed elections, which only reinforced polarization and division.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the most female performance to need the numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as an outrage of outrage and called anger days.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy.
We need to develop a female speech, not just honor, but also put the mercy in place of revenge, collaboration instead of competition, inclusion instead of exclusion.
These are the ideals that a Libya, drawn by the war, needs desperately in order to reach peace.
Because peace has an alchemy that's about interaction and alternative between female perspectives and male perspectives.
That's the real club.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it in a political form.
According to a version of the Koran``Salian"-- the peace --``is the word of God merciful, [range, compassionate . ''
At the same time, the word``helicopter ,"which is known in all the analytical traditions, has the same root in Arabic that the word``hell"-- I mean, by simulating the female and a material, that led to all the humanity of men and women, of which all tribes and all of the people have ever laughed.
And so, just like the uterus is completely covering the embryo, which grows within, the divine matrix of compassion, all the existence.
This is how we say,``My mercy adds all things . ''
This is what we're saying,``My mercy gets on my anger . ''
That you're all focused on the grace of mercy.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an restless question, which has an equally disturbing answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is the one that everybody does: Why is she left?
Why was someone going to stay with a man who pays him?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no social violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old . I had just launched at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York by my first job as a writer and editor in severe magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green green adverse American Express, and had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, that I created my twin soul, pointed to my head with a gun, charged with shipping bullets.
The man, I loved most than anybody in this world, put a gun on my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of``crazy love ,"a psychological trap, the love discouraging, where they fall every year of millions of women, and even some men.
It could even be your story.
I don't look at a typical survival of domestic violence.
I'm licensed in English at Harvard University, and I have an MBA at Mark Business School.
I've spent most of my career working for companies on the list``Fortune 500 ,"between Johnson & Johnson, Leo Burret and The Washington Post.
I've been almost 20 years old, and we have three children.
My dog is a black slate and drove a minimum Minor Odyssey.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anybody, all the races, all the religions, all the levels of income and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a problem of women.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of malaria are men, and domestic abuse only happens in intimate, interdependent and long relationships, or, in other ways, in families, the last place where we want or we expect to find violence, which is why the domestic abuse is so puzzling.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world who would be left with a man who would stand up, and I actually was a very typical victim because of my age.
It was 22 years old, and in the United States, women between 16 and 24 years old have three times more likely to be a domestic violence victims than other ages, and over 500 women and girls from that age are killed every year by couples, boys and abusive husbands in the United States.
I also was a typical victim because I knew nothing about domestic violence, their warning signals or their patterns.
I met Congo in a cold and rainy night of January.
I was sitting on my side at the subway of New York, and he started to match me.
He said two things.
The first was that he had also heard from a university of the Eve League and working in a very important bank from Wall Street.
But what struck me more at that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and it seemed like a guy in the field.
I had some big molecules like apples, and a wheat blonde hair, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things he did, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner.
He did it especially in a pedestal.
We started coming out and loved everything of me: that it was ready, that I had gone to Harvard, who was paying passion to help teenage girls, and my job.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
He believed in me, as a writer and as a woman, as nobody had ever done it.
And that was why the bachelor in that prestigious school and the work on Wall Street and his brilliant future had so much importance for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is to seduce and make the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to isolate it.
Now the last thing I wanted to do was to go from New York and leave my dreams' work, but I thought I had to make sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted, I left my job and Congo and I went together in Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling in a``crazy love ,"which was coming into a head in a physical, financial and psychological trap.
The next step in the domestic violence pattern is to introduce the threat of violence to see how she react.
And this is where those guns go into scene.
As we moved to New England, you know, that site where I was supposed to know that Congo had to feel so safe, I bought three guns.
One was in the car glove.
Another kept it under the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket.
And he said that I needed those clues because of the trauma that lived in small.
I needed them to feel secure.
But those guns actually were a message for me and, although I had never raised my hand, my life was serious danger, every minute of every day.
The first physical attack of Congo happened five days before our wedding.
It was seven in the morning, and I still had the shirt.
Five days later, when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother's girlfriend and married me.
Despite what had happened, I was sure that we would live happily forever, because I loved it and he also wanted me.
And I was very, very tight.
It just was very overwhelmed by the wedding, and for the fact of forming a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident, and I would never be hurt.
I spent twice as much as our honey moon.
The first time I was driving into a secret beach, and I lost, and he gave me so strong in the head that I bounce several times against the window of the car.
And then, a couple of days later, driving back from our moon of honey, he was bored by the traffic and threw a Big Mac cold.
Now, I went on for one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is victims of domestic violence or bullying at some point in their life, and the informed Disease Control Center that every year 15 million children are battered , 15 million.
So, actually, I had very good company.
Going back to my question: Why did I stay?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know that he was abusing me.
On the contrary, I was a very strong woman, in love with a profoundly tormented man, and it was the only person in the world who could help Congo face his demons.
The other question that everybody does is: Why doesn't it just move?
Why didn't I go? I could have gone at any time.
For me, this is the saddest and painful question that people do, because we, the victims, we know something that normally you ignore: it's incredibly dangerous to abandon a malaria.
Because the last phase in the domestic violence pattern is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the killings in domestic violence occur after the victim has put the end to the relationship, after they march, because then the abuse has no longer to lose.
Other repercussions include permanent harassment, even after the abuse has come back to marry, financial resources, and manipulation of the family system of family to attract the victim and their children, who are usually forced by judges to spend no longer oversight with the man who claimed their mother.
And yet we keep asking why it's just not going?
I was able to go, because of one last suicide, that I came up with my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, I would have killed if I had allowed him.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody: to the police, my neighbors, my friends and family, to complete strangers, and I'm here today because all of you helped me.
We have the tendency to stereotypical victims as spectacular headlines, self-destructive women, damaged goods.
The question,``Why is it left? ''
For some people, it's a way of saying,``The guilt is yours to stay ,"as if the victims will intentionally choose in love with men who want to destroy them.
But since I published``crazy love ,"I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who also escape, who learned an endless lesson of what happened to them and refugee their lives of joyful and happy lives as employees, wives and mothers, completely free lives of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out that I'm actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence.
I went home with a long and friendly man and we have those three children.
I have that black baby, and also that minimize.
What I'm not going to be going back to having ever more, ever, is a charged pistol pointing to my head in someone who says he wants me.
At this point, just like you're thinking,``Hey, that's fascinating ,"or``Hall, what silly it was, but all this time I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you there are a few people who are listening to me right now, which are being battered or they were small, or they are abused themselves.
The mother could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to end my crazy love, breaking the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse thrive only in silence.
They have the power to end up with domestic violence just throwing light on it.
The victims need everybody.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
They take the mother to the light talking about it with his children, their coworkers, their friends and family.
They represent their vision of survivors as fantastic and charming people who have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to intervene consciously, to repair their scale and show the victims a safe exit.
Together we can turn our beds, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis that should be.
Thank you.
Hello . I called Cameron Russell, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be precise, for 10 years.
And I feel that at this point there is an awkward tension in the room because I shouldn't have dressed this way, so luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first rap change on a TED stage, so you have a lot of luck to present it, I think.
If some of the women horrified when they appear, they don't have to tell them now, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what they think about me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These heels are very uncomfortable -- less bad than I don't have to use them anymore.
The worst part is to pass this sweater through your head, because it's when you're going to laugh from me, so you don't do anything while I cover your head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
appearance is powerful, but also surface.
I totally changed what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a boyfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable, and the photographer told me that I would open the back and put the hair out of the kid.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial tan like the one I made two days ago for work, there's very little that we can do to transform our aspect, which, although superficial and unchanging, has a huge impact in our lives.
So today, to me, being courageous means being honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice and white woman, and in my lab sector, that's a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do, but honestly.
The first question is, how is it going to be model?
And I always say,``A hell discovered me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made it model is because I won the genetic lottery, and I'm the benefit of a heritage, and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries, we've not only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry, which we are biologically programmed to admire, we've also associated with a high and skeletal shape, to the feminist and a white skin.
And that's my heritage, a heritage I've been able to take to make money.
And I know that there are people in the audience who now show a skeptical, and maybe there are some lovers of the fashion that say -- wait . There are Naomi, Tim, Joan Shall, Liu Gene.
First of all, the happy to know so much about models . It's amazing.
But unfortunately, I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at University in New York City told all and each of the models in the past, and from the 677 controlled models, just 27 percent, they were not white.
The next question that people ask me is: could it be model when it's older?
And my first answer is, I don't know, I don't know that . .
But then, what I really would tell each of these girls is: Why? You can be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the invention of the next Internet, or a non-visual surgeon surgeon, which would be awesome, because you would be the first.
If after this spectacular list, still insist, no, no, Cameron, I want to be model, then I say,``I know my boss.
Because I'm not in charge of anything, and you could be the head of the U.S. magazine, or the executive director of H & M, or the next Steven Zero.
To say that more you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you're older.
It's outside your control, it's amazing, and it's not a job you can choose.
I'm going to show you all that I learned in 10 years as a model, because, unlike the heart surgery, it can summarize right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Sadly, once you've already finished your studies, and you have a rsum and a few jobs to your backs, no matter what you say, if you said you wanted to be president of the United States, but your rsum said,``underwear clothes for 10 years, people would look weird . ''
The next question that people are always doing is if all of the photos stand up.
And yes, it's practically returned all the photos, but that's just a little part of what happens.
This was the first picture they took me, and also the first time I used a baseball, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal terrain, but it was a child.
That's what I did with my grandmother a few months before.
These two photos are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I'm on a passage party a few days before the photos for the French Voice.
Here I am with my football team and in the V magazine.
And this is me today.
And I hope you realize that I'm not myself in those pictures.
They're creations of a group of professionals, pen, males, photographers and styles, and all their help and people of Peru and presidential, and they get to create this . That's not me.
Well, the next question that people ask me is: Do you get free things?
I have too many tasks of 20 inches and I never use, except the stop before, but the privilege that I get is the ones that I get in real life, and that we don't like to speak.
I grew up in Cambridge, and once I went to a store, and I forgot to make money, and they gave me the free dress.
When I was a teenager, I was traveling with my friend who was a very little driver, and he jumped a red in red, and, of course, they stopped us, and I got a sorry, agent to be able to drive.
I enjoy these privilege for my way, not for what I am, and there are people who are paying a price for their way no matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, of the 14,000 teenagers who were given and recorded , 86 percent were black and Latino, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 17,000 black and Latino young young people in New York, so for them, it's not a question of me?
But how many times will you stand? And when?
When I was researching for this talk, I found that 53 percent of the age of 13 in the United States don't like their body, and that figure rises to 78 percent at 17.
So, the last question that people ask me is: How is the life of a model?
And I think the answer that you expect is: If you're a little bit more thin and you have the brightest hair, you'll feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe it looks like.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible power to work with creative, resourceful and passionate people.
And that is true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I've never said in front of them is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about it every day.
And if you ever ask yourself, with some more thin legs and the brightest hair, it will be happier?
They only have to meet with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the brightest hair and the clothes, but they're probably the most physically insecure women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial and gender oppression when I am one of the biggest benefits.
If there's something to retain from this talk, I hope that they all feel more comfortable by recognizing the power of the image in the perception that we have from success and failure.
Thank you.
Photography has been my passion since I was the biggest enough to put a camera, but I want to share with you today, my 15 more precious pictures, and I didn't have to get them out.
There were no artistic directors, no styles, no opportunity to repeat photos, not even a minimum care in lighting.
In fact, most of them took random tourists.
My story begins when, meeting in New York City to give a power, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday . That's the corner of 57 and five.
He gave the chance that we went back to New York just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday of my daughter came to me, my wife said to me,``Why don't you take a wise to New York City on a father trip and continue the ritual?
This is when we started asking the tourists that were going to take us out.
It's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete unknown is so universal.
No one has been denied, and fortunately, no one has ever been with the camera.
At the time, we were not aware of how much life is going to change us.
It became something sacred for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day so that a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time in a week of October and to make us reflect about our time and our evolution over the years, not only at the physical level, but in all the senses.
Because, although we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter reaches new milestones, and I can see life through their eyes and how it perceives and interact with everything.
That time in concrete that we spend together is something that we hope with illusion all year.
Recently, in one of the trips, we were walking, when all of a sudden, he stopped, and pointed out a red pile of the grocery store that I love small in before.
And I was describing what had felt at five years of foot in that same place.
I started to remember her heart beating with force for the first time nine years ago.
And now what he looks at in New York is universities, because it's determined to study in New York.
And suddenly I understand that one of the most important things we create are memories.
So I want to share the idea of engaging actively in conscious memories of memories.
I don't know you, but besides these 15 photos, I don't get out in many of the family photos.
I'm always the one who gets the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to appear in the picture, and don't doubt to get closer to somebody and ask yourself: Is it a picture?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The divers are in the most threatened bird group.
First, why do they have so bad press?
It's also associated with Disney laughter, like mental, silly, stupid characters.
More recently, if you've been following the Kenyan press laughter, applause and claims, these are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Parliament, but I don't accept it.
I don't accept . You know why?
Because the members of Parliament don't keep the environment clean, the parliamentary doesn't help prevent disease spread.
They're very difficult . They're far from extinction . And, my favorite, the buses have better presence . There are two types of buses on this planet.
There are the New World loops that are mostly found in the Americas, like the conductors and the faces, the Old World bubbles, where we have 16 species . Of these 16 , 11 face a high risk of extinction.
So, why are the divers important? First of all, they provide vital ecological services . Clean.
It's our natural garbage collectors.
They clean the carcasses to the bone.
They help to kill all bacteria . They help absorb the anthrax that not to be because of them and cause large losses of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no buses, the carcasses take three to four times more time to break down, and this has enormous ramifications in disease spread.
Birds also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated with ancient Egyptian culture.
Nevada was the symbol of the protecting and the maternity and, along with the cobra, symbolizes the unit between the Alto and the Netherlands.
In Indian mythology, Japan was the grandmother's god, and he risked his life to save the goddess of 10 heads of the devil of 10 heads.
In the Tibetan culture, they are done very important open entrepreneurs, in places like Tibet, there is no place to bury the dead, or wood to believe them, so these buses provide a natural disposal system.
What is the problem with divers?
We have eight species of bubbles in Kenya, which six are in extreme threat of extinction.
The reason is that they're being poisoned, and the reason they're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and wildlife, the landscape communities use this poison against predators, and as a consequence, the divers are victims of this.
In southern Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of divers are on the critical list of endangered danger, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years will be extinct, and the reason is because they fall out of the livestock consumption that has been treated with an analog drug like the Dicking.
This drug has been banned for veterinarians in India, and they've taken a posture.
Since there are no buses, there has been a spread in the number of dollars in landfill, and when you have street dogs, you have a huge time bomb for rage, the number of cases of rage has grown enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind parks in Africa : 350 engineers are going to be up to the Turkana Lake.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to birds . They cut them in half.
They're birds.
In Western Africa, there's a horrible trade of dead divers to serve the container and the helicopter market.
So what is it doing? Well, we're research to these birds . We're putting it transistors.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel through different countries, so focusing on a problem is not going to be anything.
We have to work with governments in regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the buses, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that they provide.
How can you help? You can become active, make noise . You can write a letter to your government and tell you, you have to focus on these very incredible creatures . I'll give you your time to spread the word . It will spread the word.
When they come out of this room, they will be informed about the buses, but they talk to their families, their children, their neighbors with their neighbors.
They're very elegant . Charles Darwin said it changed, because he saw them flying without effort, no energy spending in the heavens.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do and everything I do professionally -- my life -- has been shaped for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
It's since 1971 to 1977 . I'm not, but I'm not . I worked in Zambia, Kenya, Ivory Coast, Algeria and Somalia, in projects of technical cooperation with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO, and every project we set up in Africa.
And I was disturbing.
I thought, at 21, the Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead, everything we were doing, we used it.
Our first project, the one that inspired my first book,``Friends of the Zemo ,"was a project where some Italian we decided to teach people in Zambia to grow food.
So, we came up with Italian seeds south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that goes down to the Zemo River, and we teach local tomatoes to grow Italian tomatoes, and ...
Of course, people were not at all at all in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't measure, we were amazed that the local people, in so fertile, would have had agriculture.
However, instead of asking them how it was possible that they didn't grow anything, we just said,``Thank God we are here ."`` Just for time to save people from famine from famine . ''
And of course, everything in Africa is really grown.
We got these magnificent tomatoes . In Italy, a tomato grew up this size . In Zambia, this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the chimpanzees,``Look how easy agriculture is . ''
When the tomatoes were beautiful, mature and red, overnight, about 200 hopeless appeared from the river and ate everything, and we said to the addicts,``Oh my God, we hit them! ''
And the symbols said,``Yes, that's why we don't have agriculture here ."`` Why didn't you say it?"`` You never asked . ''
I thought that only us the Italians make mistakes in Africa, but then, I saw what the Americans did, what English did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed them.
You should see the waste waste -- you should see the waste that we give them to the confidence of Africa.
You want to read a book, you read``help Death"by Mumbai Most, human economics.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western donor countries, have delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I won't tell you about the damage that that money has caused.
Just read your book.
Take it from an African woman, the damage we've done.
Westerners are empires, collaborative missions, and we treat people only in two ways: or we sponsor them, or we are patterns.
The two words come from the Latin root root, which means``father . ''
But they mean two different things.
Pathology, I deal with any of a different culture as if my kids were .``I want you so much . ''
Parishator, I treat all of a different culture as if they were my servants.
So the whites in Africa are called``Buddha ,"boss.
That book gave me a slap on the face .``The little thing is beautiful ,"written by Schroach, who said above economic development, if people don't want to be helped, let alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is to respect.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the ground and said,``Can you -- can you imagine a city that's not a telephone? ''
I decided at the age of 27, just answering people, and invented a system called Facilitation Familia where you never started anything, you ever motivate anybody, but it becomes a service of local passion, the service of the local people who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what do you do? It's quiet.
It's never coming to a community with an idea, and it sits with the people in the locality.
We don't work from offices.
We met in a cafe . We met in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give you an idea to somebody.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what's going to do?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that that man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then we help them find knowledge, because nobody in the world can be successful alone.
The person with the idea may not have knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: why not us, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not, for once, we heard them? But not in community meetings.
I'll tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
Entrepreneurs never attend, and they'll never say, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, which opportunity has identified.
So, planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one, and we work face-to-face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You should create a new profession.
The profession is the family's family doctor, the business physician of the business, which is established with you in your house, at the table of your kitchen, your kitchen, and helps you find the resources to transform your passion in a way of making life.
I started this as a test in Spain, Western Australia City.
I was doing a Ph.D. at the time, trying to get away from this conditioning trash that we got to tell you what to do.
In a year, I had 27, and the government came to me to say,``How can you do that?
How can you do it?"And I said,``I did something very, very, very difficult.
I street and I heard you ."So -- then the government says,``Make it again . We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We helped to start 40,000 business.
There is a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of loneliness.
Peter Drug, one of the greatest corporate advisers in history, failed at 96 years ago.
Peter Drug was a philosophy professor before we got involved in business, and this is what Peter Drug says:``planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company economy . ''
planning is the kiss of business spirit.
So now you rebuild Christian without knowing what the most astute people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people closer to conversation with you.
You have to offer them trust, privacy, you have to be fantastic when you help them, and then you'll get up, you'll come mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion?
Which presentation you have applaud this morning?
That's what you've flattened.
So, what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial revolution, not renewables, manufacturing -- and one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The cool as a way of holding machines is not sustainable.
What we need to consider, is how we nutrients, cure, educate, we transport, we communicate seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who's going to invent technology for the green revolution? universities? Forget it!
The government? Forget it!!
It's going to be entrepreneurs, and they're doing it now.
There's an adorable story that I read in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year 68.
And in the year of 1860, this group of people came together, and they speculate about what would happen to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was unity: New York City wouldn't exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they looked at the curve and pointed out, if the population keeps growing at this rate, to pass the population from New York around, they would require six million horses, and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to address.
They were already being delivered in manure . So in 1860, they were dividing this dirty technology that's going to break the life in New York.
So what happens? Over the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States , 100 automotive manufacturing companies , 100.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few, scars, factories in advanced places.
Deers, Michigan . Henry Ford.
However, there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to offer them trust.
Otherwise, they will not talk to you.
Then, you have to offer them an absolute, dedicated, enthusiastic service.
And then, of course, you will have to tell you the truth about it.
The smallest company, the larger company, has to be able to do three things magnificent: the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to count with a fantastic marketing, and you have to count with a great financial administration.
Guess what?
We've never met a single human being in the world that can do, sell and look for money alone.
It doesn't exist.
This hasn't been born.
We've investigated and looked at the 100 iconic companies in the Carnegie world, Washington, Edison, Ford, all new companies, Google, Yahoo.
There's only one thing that all the successful companies in the world have in common, only one: no one was initiated by one person.
The word``me ,"but the word``us ,"32 times.
He wasn't just when he started.
Nobody starts a company alone . Nobody.
So, we can create the community where we have facilitators, who come from a little business of small businesses sitting in coffee, in bars next to their devices who are going to do for you, what someone did for this gentleman who talks about this elephant, someone who will ask you, what needs?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Well, can you sell? Can you look for money? ''
\" Oh, no, I can't do that ."`` Would you like to look for someone? ''
We activate communities.
Thank you.
People who surround us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't exchange a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like autonomous, plants and chalk.
These projects came from questions like, how much pay my neighbors for their apartments?
How can we borrow and ask more things without calling the door at a bad time?
How do we share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape better?
How do we share more of our hopes to the empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs today and dreams?
I live in New Orleans and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with giant trees that give shadow to lovers, drunk and rodents from making centuries and trust in a city.
There's a parade in New Orleans . The city has one of the most beautiful architecture in the world, but also one with the most abandoned properties of America.
I live near this house and I thought about how I could turn it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009 I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was Joan, as a mother for me.
Her death was sudden and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this produced me a deep gratitude for life.
I gave the significant things of my life today.
But I'm going to keep this look in my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to leave the day and forget the really important for one.
So with the help of old and new friends, I transformed the wall of this house abandoned into a giant blackboard and painted on her sentences to complete,``Before he died, I...''
So the trains could take a chalk, reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect from this experiment, but the next day the wall was filled and kept covering.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
\" Before I die, I want to be judged by piracy ."`` Before I die, I want to sit on the doctor's line . ''
\" Before I die, I want to sing for millions of people . ''
\" Before I die, I want to plant a tree . ''
\" Before I die, I want to live outside the network . ''
\" Before I die, I want to hug it again . ''
\" Before I die, I want to go to somebody's rescue . ''
\" Before I die, I want to be completely myself . ''
This abandoned space became constructive and dreams and hopes of people made me laugh in a row, they broke me up, and they gave me comfort in hard moments.
It's about knowing that you're not alone . it's about understanding our neighbors in new and scanned ways . It's about giving the reflection and the contemplation, and to remember what's most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started getting hundreds of messages from passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues of the civic center, we made a kit, and now we've done walls in countries around the world, like Kazakhstan, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together we showed the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have are time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of distraction, it's more important than ever, to find ways of conserving the perspective and remembering that life is brief and delicate.
Death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even thinking, but I understood that we're going to prepare for death is one of those things that make us more power.
Think of the climate death our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters us as individuals and as a community and more media to share hope, fear and stories, the people around us can't only help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single request today.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my siblings.
And it's 22 years old, it's high and very handsome.
It doesn't talk, but it makes joy better than some of the best speakers.
Now, I remember knowing what love is.
It's interestingly shared what happens.
It's not disgusting . It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
They don't care about religious differences and think about this: Never lied.
When I sing songs from our childhood, trying to make words that I couldn't even remember, I remember one thing: how little we know about mind and how wonderful it should be the unknown.
Samuel is 16 years old . It's high . It's very handsome.
I have the most unpredictable memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
It doesn't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year in which each of the songs of my iPod, conversations that we kept when I was four years old, to make my arm in my arm during the first episode of the Telescope and the Lady Gaga birthday.
Doesn't it seem incredible?
But most people disagree.
And in fact, because their minds don't adjust to the concept of society of society, they are often ignored and understood.
But what I put to my heart and held my soul was that even if that was the case, even though they didn't consider them within the ordinary, that could only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary -- autism and extraordinary.
Now, for those less familiar with the term``autism ,"is a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes to physical skills.
In each individual, it manifest in a different way, from there that Rome is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, is diagnosed with a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the most rapid development disorders in the world, there's no cause or known cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without him.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new self in my life.
When I was a few months, I realized that he was different.
It graduated a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies, and in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
And he was living and she went into his own world, with his own rules, and he found pleasure in the smallest things, like putting cars in row around the room, looking at the washing machine and eating anything that would have between media.
As it grew up, it became more different, and the differences became more evident.
But beyond the merchants, the frustration and the endless hyperactivity, there was something really unique: a pure, innocent nature, a child who saw the world without prejudice, a human being never lied.
Extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some difficult moments in my family, times that I'd wish that they were just like me.
But I look back to the things that have taught me about individuality, communication and love, and I realize that they are things that wouldn't want to change for normality.
normality goes through the beauty that gives us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that any of them are wrong.
It only means that there is a different vision than it is right.
If I could convey one thing to Rome and Sam and you, you don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autism or not, the differences we have -- it's a gift! Each of us has a gift inside and, honestly, the pursuit of normality is the last sacrifice of the potential.
The opportunity for great, progress and change die at the time where we try to be like others.
Please -- don't tell me that I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit what it should have been to be Alice in the country of the wonders.
Penn State asked me, a communications teacher, who gave a kind of communication to engineering students.
I was scared . It's really scared . scared from these students with his great minds, his great books and their great words.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alice should have felt when she fell through the rabbit hole and saw the door of a new world.
I just felt when I had those conversations with students . I was surprised with ideas that they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a big communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones who are attacking our biggest challenges, from energy to environment and health care, among others, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists having these interactions.
But these big conversations cannot happen if our scientists and engineers don't invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please, honestly.
I want to share some suggestions about how they can do it to make sure that we can see that their science is sexy and that their engineering is attractive.
First question to answer ourselves, and then what?
Tell us why science is relevant for us.
They don't just tell us that they study the workers, but they study the problems, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat osteoporosis.
And when they're describing their science, care of the jargon.
jargon is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say``space and temporary ,"but why not say``space and time"that is much more accessible to us?
It's not the same thing to make them accessible.
Instead, as Einstein said, that everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without sharing ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies, and they are ways of embodiment and symbolic with their content.
And when you present your job, forget the signs of``bullet ."signs.
You've been wondering why they're called``bullet"? What do bullets do? The bullets kill, and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it's too supportive in the area of the language of our brain and overwhelmed us.
Instead, this film of example of generations of Generation Brown is much more effective . It shows that the special structure of workers is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower.
The trick here is to use a simple, legitimate phrase that the audience can understand if it's lost a little bit, and then provide graphics that appeal to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what is described.
I think that these are just some key ones that can help people open the door and see the country of the wonders that is science and engineering.
And so, scientists and engineers, when they've solved this equation, for all media, let me be simple . Thank you.
One of my favorite words all over the Oxford English Dictionary is``sustainable . ''
Just because it sounds very well.
And``self-seek"means``dishonest policy . ''
Even though there was an editor of the 19th century that defined her much better when he said,``A syndrome is the one that looks for a public charge without matter, platform or principle, and that, when you win, you get it for the mere use of a refrigerator verbal monumental . ''
I have no idea what it means``refrigerator . ''
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know that they have to try to dominate language.
It wasn't until, for example , 1974 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were said in the parliamentary chamber.
And all of this was because of the courage of a guy with the name of Brazil Christina, who faced Parliament.
He was put in the London Tower and imprisoned, but he had enough courage to face them, and at the end he had such popular support in London that won.
And just a few years later, we had the first record use of the phrase,``That's how it was like the metal . ''
Most people think it's literal.
It's not . It's because of freedom of expression.
But to really show you how words and politics interact, I want you to go back to America, just after independence.
So, they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, their leader.
They didn't know.
How do we call the leader of a Republican country?
This was defined in Congress for a long time.
All kinds of suggestions could have failed.
Some people wanted to call it``Seaton of State Washington ,"and others,``His Mayor George Washington ,"and other``Debrous of the American peoples of Washington . ''
Not very scary.
Some just wanted to call it``King . ''
They thought it was a quality of quality.
And even with that they were monsters, they had the idea that you could be elected King for a certain term.
And I could have served.
Everybody gets married, because this debate was caused for three weeks.
I read the newspaper of a poor Senator, and he always wrote,``still with this topic . ''
What caused the delay, and it was that the representative camera was against the Senate.
The representative camera didn't want Washington to be empowered.
They didn't want to call it King in case he gave him or his successor ideas.
So, they wanted to give it the most modest, more insignificant and more pathetic title that they came up with.
And that title was``President . ''
President . They didn't invent the title . There was before, but it only meant``somebody who wants a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury.
And it didn't have much more great than the term``foreman"or``support . ''
There were evolutionary presidents of small colonial applications and government fraction, but it was really a insignificant title.
And that's why the Senate is opposed.
They said,``It's ridiculous, we can't call President . ''
\" This guy has to sign treated and meet with foreign dictionary . ''
\" And who will take a serious title, as ridiculous and insignificant as President of America? ''
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't lead.
We can learn three interesting things about this.
First of all, and this is my favorite until where I've been able to figure out, the Senate has never been officially reported in the title of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky to follow there, hoping that the Senate between action.
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary -- it's possible that we keep waiting for 22 more years.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and I want to leave you, is that the American President of America doesn't sound at all as modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear warheads, the largest economy of the world and a fleet of non-lethal aerial vehicles and so on.
The reality and history have given the title of great.
So, at the end, I won the Senate.
They got their degree of responsibility.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the appearance of uniqueness -- well, it was a singularity at the time.
But you know how many nations have now president?
And all because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear warheads and so on.
So, at the end of the Senate won and the House of Representatives lost, because no one is going to feel humility when they tell them that they are now the President of America.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn, and I'd like to leave you.
The politicians are trying to choose and use the words to shape and control reality, but actually, it makes it a much more difficult reality of the words than they could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to meters underground in an illegal mine in Ghana.
The air is loaded by heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of sweat bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that speak, but, especially, that cacophony of male and stone stones with primitive tools.
Like everybody else, I take a cheap flashlight of ink, subject to the head with this orange elastic, and I can barely distinguish the branches that are holding the walls of that meter of a meter that drops hundreds of meters on the ground.
My hand is resisted, and all of a sudden I remember a miner that I met before, who lost the control and fell income feet on that manhole . .
As I talk to you today, these men are at the deep of that hole by risking their lives without paying, and often dying.
I went out of that hole, and I went home, but they may never, because they're prey of slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in more than 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor to be the only exhibition in the Vancouver Peace Summit.
Among all the amazing people I met there, I met an integral of Free the Sunsets, an NGO that has to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew that there was in the world, but not to such grade.
When we finished talking to me, I felt very bad; I was honestly ashamed to ignore this attraction of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
And I was made a story, and I had a few weeks later, I flew Los Angeles to meet the director of Free the Sunsets and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had been in many of these sites.
Some, even, I considered them my second home.
But this time, I'll sell dirty troops.
A conservative calculation says that there are now more than 27 million people enslaved in the world.
It's twice the amount of Africans displaced throughout the treatment of transient slave.
150 years ago, the cost of an agricultural slave was about three times the annual salary of an American worker.
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars today.
However, today you can enslave entire families by generations per capita debt from $18.
Amazingly, slavery generates profits of more than 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many have been fooled with false promises of good education and better work to then discover that they're forced to work without paying, low violence and can't escape.
Today's slavery operates in trade: the goods produced by slaves have value, but those who produce them are disposable.
The slavery exists in almost everybody, and yet, it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met brick furnaces.
This strange and formidable show was how to enter the old Egypt or the hell of diamonds.
immersed in a temperature of 54 degrees, men, women, children, in fact, entire families wrapped into a police array of dust stack mechanically bricks in their heads, up to 18 at a time, and they take them from the blazing furnaces to trucks that are to hundreds of meters.
Disabled by the monkey and the tiredness work in silence, doing this task over and over for 16 hours a day.
There were no pause for eating, not to drink, and the severe deconstruction made to pee was quite intracting.
So penguins were the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot to touch and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to revive it, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the oven, I wanted to cry, but the analyzing that I was on my side quickly grabbed me and said,``Lisa, don't do it . Don't do it here . ''
And it was very clearly that to demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me, but for them.
I couldn't offer any direct help.
I couldn't give you money, nothing.
I was not a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation that they were already.
I had to trust the Sunsets and work inside the system for his release, and I trusted it.
In terms of me, I waited to get home to feel my dressed heart.
In the Himalayas, I found kids running rocks for miles by mountain terrain to trucks that waited down.
Those big balls were more heavy than children who would charge them and children put them into their heads with house straps, ropes and rags.
It's hard to witness something so overwhelming.
How can we influence something so insidious, but so ubiquitous?
Some people don't even know they're slaves -- and they work 16 hours a day without paid because this has been like that all their life.
They have nothing to compare to.
When these villagers picked up their freedom, the slaves would usually burn their homes.
In the hear of slavery, we often think of sexual traffic, and because of this global awareness, they warned me that it would be difficult to work with security in this particular business.
In Kathmandu, I was touched women who had been previously sexual slaves.
I was driven by some analysis that gave this dirty basement, sleeping light.
It wasn't exactly a brothel.
It was rather a restaurant.
Restoration, as you know in the office, are local for forced prostitution.
They have small, private rooms, where the slaves women with their girls and children, some of the only seven years are forced to train customers and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each dot is dark and dirty, identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a biomass and a curtain.
Workers often suffer sexual abuse by hands of their clients.
As a foot in the permafrost, I remember having felt an ordinary fear of fear, and in that instant, I could barely imagine what should be stuck in that hell.
I only had a output: the stairs where I went.
There were no disorders.
There were no windows big enough to climb.
Those people don't have an escape, and because we play a subject that hard, it's important to point out that slavery, even sexual traffic is happening around us.
There are hundreds of people who are enslaved in agriculture, in restaurants, in domestic service, and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children are sold every year as sex slaves.
It happens everywhere, but we don't see it.
textiles are another activity that we often relate to the slave labor.
I visited Indian villages where there were entire families enslaved in the trade trade.
This is a family portrait.
Black teeth of black are from the father, the blue stores and red, their children.
They mix together in these big neighborhoods and pump the silk on the liquid to the wheels, but the ink is toxic.
My performer told me his stories.
\" We don't have freedom ,"they said.
\" We still expect, however, can come out of this house someday and go somewhere else where we actually pay our work . ''
It's estimated that there are over 4,000 children in the Volvo Lake, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
Did I see what seemed to be a fisherman family in a boat, two older brothers, some younger children, makes sense right?
Wrong . They were all slaves.
Kids are separated from their transformed families, disappeared and forced to work extinct extensively in these boats in the lake, despite not knowing swimming.
This kid is eight years old.
When our boat came up, he was quivering; it was afraid that his little canoe was excited.
He was paralyzed by fear of falling the water.
The branches of the trees plunged into Lake Volta often attract networks and children, fatigue and fear, are thrown into the water to unleash branches.
Many of them drown.
Since I remember, it's always been forced to work in the lake.
By the fear of his love, it's not going to flee, and, like all life has been treated with cruelty, it creates the younger slaves under their command.
I met these guys at five in the morning, when they took the last networks, but they'd been working from one one.
At the cold and windy night.
And it has to point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're full of fish.
I want to introduce you to Kofi.
Kofi was rescued in a fishing village.
I met it in a shelter in which Free the Sunsets of slavery.
Kofi symbolizes the possible.
Who will get to be because someone decided to make a difference in their life?
By driving a road in Ghana with partners in the Sunsets of the Sunsets, a computer partner with his two-wheeler will suddenly accelerate and overcome our car and play the window.
He asked us to follow it for a path of land to the jungle.
At the end of the way, we went out of the car, and he asked the driver to go quickly.
Then I pointed out this guy just visible and said,``This is the path, this is the way . Come on . ''
As we started down, we removed the entrepreneurs that blocked the path, and after walking about an hour, we found that the path was fooled by the recent rains, so I put the photos of photos on my head as we went down in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walking, the smile ended in a clear way, and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and they were all filled with enslaved workers.
A lot of women had children tied to their backs, and as they were looking for gold, they were walking in the way that we had marketing.
The marketing is used in the extraction process.
These mines are enslaved in a manhole in the other part of Ghana.
When they came out of the pump, they were packed in their own sweat.
I remember looking at her eyes tired, irritated, because many had been underground for 72 hours.
The wells have about 90 feet, and these people charge stone heavy bags that will then be transported to another area where they will wash the stone to extract the gold.
In the first sight, the site seems to be filled with strong and powerful men, but if you look closer, to the margin, we see other people less lucky and also children.
They're all victims of injury, diseases and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ended up like this victim of tuberculosis and the research of the movie in a few years.
This is Mandela . When his father died, his uncle took him to work with him in the mines.
By dying his uncle, Mandela wounded the debt of the uncle that force it to be slave in the mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the mines 14 years and the lesion of the leg that you see here is a product of an accident in mine, so severe that doctors said it should be amputation.
In addition to that, manual has tuberculosis, and yet, it's forced to work night and day in that mine.
Yet, he dream with being released and educated with local activists like Free the Sunsets, and it's this kind of determination, of face to a remote possibility, which inspired me a lot of respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you around the world.
I wanted you to know that we will be able to witness them and make everything possible to help change their lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not magazines . These are people, real people, like you and like me, that deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There's no day that I don't think of these so many beautiful, battered people that I've had the great honor of meeting.
I hope that these images will wake up a force in which you see them, in people like you, and I hope that force goes on a fire, and that the fire is going to go into slavery, because without that light, the beast of slavery can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do a math applied, and there's a peculiar problem for anyone who does it: we are like management consultants.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So I'm going to try and try and explain to you what I do.
Dance is one of the most human activities.
They delegate us all the virtues of the ballet and the clay dancers that we'll see later.
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity and probably certain initial appetite that can have a genetic component.
Sadly, neurological disorders like Parkinson's evil destroy this extraordinary ability, as it does with my friend Jane Environmental who, in his time, was a virtual ballet dancer.
In the last few years, a lot of progress has been made.
However, there are 2.3 million people in the world who are sick and have to deal with an incurable, temple, rigorous weakness and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in a objective way, and ultimately the only way we will know if there's really a cure to be when we have an objective and close metric.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other disorders of movement, there are no biological markers, so they don't serve blood analysis and the best thing we have is a 20-year-old neurological exam.
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It's very, very expensive, and that means that, out of the clinical trials, they never do . It's never done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult journey to the clinic . What if patients could do the exam themselves?
It wouldn't need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So what I want to propose is not conventional to try, you see, in a sense at least, we are all virtuous as my friend Jane Environmental.
This is a video of vocal strings.
It shows someone healthy as you make sounds when you go to speak . We can imagine like a vocal ballet dancer because we have to coordinate all these vocal organs to produce sound, and we all have the genes necessary, for example.
And like the ballet, it requires an extraordinary training level.
Let's think about how time it takes a child to learn to speak.
From sound, we can track the position of vocal strings as vibrate, and as Parkinson affects the limbs, it also affects vocal organs.
On the bottom, you can see an example of the irregular share of vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
vocal shake, weakness and stiffness.
The speech becomes more quiet and vacuum after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How are these starting tests in the voice with specialized clinical trials? Well, they're both not invasive.
The neurological test is not invasive . They both use existing infrastructure.
It's not necessary to design a whole series of hospitals to make them.
Both of them are skillful . Well, but also the baseball tests are not specialized.
I mean, they can be autonomous.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds like a lot.
They are minimal cost.
When something gets a cost so low, it appears at a massive scale.
These are some amazing goals to address.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
You wouldn't need to go to the clinic for routine check.
With high frequency monitoring, we could get data data.
We could do low-cost mass recognition for clinical trials, and for the first time, facilitated schools at the general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomarkers of disease before it's too late.
So, when the first steps in that sense, we're launching the Parkinson's vocal Initiative.
Now, next to Alabama and Phtasies, we want to record lots of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to address these goals.
We have accessible local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
Anyone, with without Parkinson, can call low price and leave recordings for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you . Tom Rielly: So Max, taking all these samples of, say 10,000 people, you can say who's healthy and who isn't?
What would you get from these samples?
Max Pitt: Yes, yeah . What happens is that during the call, you have to indicate whether you've got or not the disease . TR: Sure.
MM: You see, some people cannot pass it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and to do it in different circumstances, it's important because we're looking for limit the confusion factors in looking for real markers of disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now?
MM: Much more than that.
In fact, my student Tanks, I have to advertise it, has done a fantastic job, and now it's shown that it works on the mobile phone network as well, which is shaking the project . Now we have 99 percent accuracy.
TR: Novocure and nine . Well, it's an improvement.
MM: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much . Max Pitt, public.
MM: Thank you, Tom.
Before March from 2011, I was making photographs in New York City.
We're pale creatures, gray.
We hide in dark, in rooms without windows, and usually we avoid sunlight.
We make the most thin delicate models, the perfect skin, even more perfect skin we do the impossible, possible and criticize us in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a real taste for images and photography.
On March 11 , 2011, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
Little time later, an organization where it was voluntary, there Hans volunteers, was in the place working as part of the response team.
I, together with hundreds of other volunteers we knew we couldn't stay at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
The 13th of May traveled to Foundation.
It's a little fishing town in the prevalence of Iowa of almost 50,000 people, one of the first villages affected by the wave.
The record water level reached over 24 feet tall and over three miles inside.
As you can imagine, the village was devastated.
We took rubble of the channels and the songs.
We cleaned up schools . We removed the slime, and we left the lists ready to be renewed and refugeed.
We take tons and tons of dead, unconscious, rotten fish power.
We got excited, and we loved.
For weeks, both volunteers like neighbors found similar things.
They found photos and pictures of photos and cameras and 3D cards.
Everyone did the same thing.
Collect them and take them to different places of the villages around them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those photos represented an enormous part of the personal losses that people had suffered.
While they fled the wave, and to save their lives, they had to abandon absolutely everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started to help in a village of the village.
I helped clean the global bathrooms, giant bars.
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the vaccine center picks up photos.
And there they took them, and I had the honor that that day would trust me to clean up the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring, and I had heard the expression to think beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until I did my horizons that something happened.
When I looked at the photos, I found some of them who were over a hundred years of a few of them were still on the top of the lab, I couldn't avoid thinking about how to fix that trait and repair that trait and knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night I entered Facebook with some of them, and the next morning the answer was so overwhelmed and positive, that I knew we had to try.
So we started hitting pictures.
This was the first of all.
It wasn't too stressed, but where the water had declared the face of the child, I had to get a lot of precision and freedom.
Otherwise that little girl wouldn't have the aspect of herself, and that would be as tragic as having the prosthetic picture.
Over the course of time, they came for luck more photos, and they needed more recovering, so I went back into Facebook and LinkedIn and five days later 80 people in 12 countries were offered to help.
At the time of two weeks, I had 150 people who were willing to join.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Richard, a neighboring town north of Tasmania.
Once a week we used our scanner in the temporal photographic libraries that had been installed, where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time you've been able to deliver it is a different story, depending on the assumption of photos.
I could implement an hour . I could implement weeks.
I could do months.
This guy had to draw virtually by hand using the areas whose color and detail was not destroyed.
I took a lot of time.
The water destroyed all of these pictures in saltwater water, covered of bacteria, with algae, even with oil, all of that together with the next step of the time by destroying them, so they cleaned by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't raise the picture unless I was clean, dry and have been recycled by his owner.
We were lucky with hand cleaning.
We have the guide of an admirable neighbor.
It's very easy to harm even more of the pictures.
As Windowing once said, my group's leader is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought these photos was lucky in relation to photos.
She had started to wipe them up, but he stopped when they realized that they even more.
I also had duplicate.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face wouldn't have been able to rebuild, we could overcome the images in a single picture and raise the whole picture.
When he picked up his pictures share something of his story with us.
A few colleagues of his husband found the photos in a fire station between the pretty far away from where their house used to be, but their colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the experimenter of closing the barriers to the wave.
He had to go inside the water while the Sirens were sounded.
Their little kids, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them was stuck in the water.
He took a week to find the whole family and knowing that everybody had survived.
The day he handed her photos her younger son , 14 years old.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do, something that he could go back to look at, something that he could remember from the past that would haven't been tagged by that March day when everything in his life changed or destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined there, hundreds of them helped us clean by more than 13,000 photographs, the vast majority of the great majority of their owners came back to their owners.
More than 500 volunteers around the world helped us to give 90 families hundreds of completely resilient and conducted photos.
During this time, we really don't spend more than 1,000 dollars in teams and materials, most in ink for printers.
We take pictures constantly.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, someone wanted.
These are guards of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take, but the first thing we would go back to look for.
Now, about this, I was trying to restore small pieces of humanity, to give someone their connection to the past.
When a picture like this is coming back to someone, it assumes a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a big difference in the life of the rectangles.
Some of them connected them with something bigger, to return something, use their talent for something that's not a perfect skin model.
To finish, I'd like to read this email . He sent him the day that I came back from Japan after six months.
As I was playing, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories shown in the images.
One particular one, a picture with women of different ages from the grandmother to the small girl, gathered around a baby, moved to me, because a similar picture of my family, my grandmother, my mother, and my daughter was born, hangs out of our wall.
In the entire world, all the time our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
Doc Edison inspired us and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that goes through an apple in a single millionth of a second.
But now , 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion, but a trillion frames per second.
I present to you a new kind of photography: the metaphorical -- a new technique so fast that you can create a slow camera of light in motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that can see after the corners, beyond the line of vision, or see the inside of the body without using X-rays, and they really challenge the idea of camera.
If I take a laser pointer and put it up and turn on a billionth of a second or be, in several ways, you will create a photo package of just a millimeter wide.
And that package of photons, that bullet, travel at the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common bullet.
If we take that bullet and this package of photons and we shoot on this bottle, how do those photons unfold inside this bottle?
What is the aspect of light in slow motion?
Now, all of this -- remember that all of this is happening in less than one nanometer is what it takes to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion.
Coca-Cola didn't support this research . There's a lot of things happening in this movie; it's going to scale this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our bullet, goes on the bottle with a package of photons that starts to go through it, and within, it starts to spread.
Part of the light goes down, goes to the table, and we started seeing these announces.
Many of the photos finally get to the cup and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounces inside.
At that time, waves travel along the table, and because of the top of the top, you see at the bottom of the bottle, after several frames, that reflexes concentrate.
Now, if we take a common and current bullet, and we make it go on the same distance, and we see it in slow camera at about 10 billion times, how much you think would make us feel that movie?
One day? A week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring film of a slow bullet in motion.
And how about testing with dead nature?
You can see the waves that are used from the table, the tomato and the wall of the bottom.
It's like throwing a stone in a pond.
It's the way nature paints a picture, I thought, of a feminist at the time, but of course our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at this tomato, you'll notice that, as the light gets out of the tomato, it goes bright.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the red light inside and goes back after several billions of second.
In the future, when this memory is in its mobile phones, they will be able to go to the supermarket and verify whether fruit is without having to touch it.
Why do we create this camera at MIT?
As a photographer, you know, if we take a picture at low exposure, it comes into very little light.
But we'll go a billion times faster than the shortest exposure, so I'll just go into some light.
We sent that bullet, that package of photons, millions of times, and we record over and over again with a very astute simulation, we take those gigabytes of data and we're able to communicate them to create those smells that I showed you.
We can take all of these raw data and process them in interesting ways.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
What if a new power of a superhero future allowed him to see after the corners?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door, remove, go into the room, one part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
We could extract those multiple robots of light.
It's not science fiction . We've built it.
On the left is our memory.
Behind the wall there is a handle and we'll bounce light on the door.
And then the publication of our article in Nature Communications.
And a small fraction of the photons will return to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different moments.
And as we have a camera that works that fast, our memory, has unique capabilities.
It has very good temporal resolution, and it can look at the world at the speed of light.
So, we know the distances to the door and also to the hidden objects, but we don't know what point to what distance.
By projecting a laser, you can record a photo in gross, which, you see on the screen, really doesn't make any sense.
But we're going to take a lot of images like this, dozens of images, put them together and try to analyze the multiple robots of light, and with that, can we see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D?
This is our reconstruction.
We have things for exploring before we get this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collisions with what's around the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected by open windows.
Or we could build charged capable of looking at the inside of the body by providing assets, and the same for the mites.
But of course, because of tissue and blood this is quite difficult, so this is actually a request to scientists so that they start thinking about democracy as a new model of visualization to solve the health imaging problems of the next generation.
As Doc Edison, he himself a scientist, turned science into art, an art of prevalent photographs.
I realized that all of the gigabytes of data that we collected every time are not just for scientific visualization, but we can be able to be able to be able to be.
Create a new form of computational photography with slow camera and color code.
And we look at those waves . Remember, time between each of those waves is just a few billions of second.
But there's something fun also.
If you look at the waves under the cup, these are away from us.
The waves should move to us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects, and Einstein would have loved to see this image.
The order in which the events in the world are sometimes coming up to the camera.
By applying the corresponding deforestation of space and time, we can correct this distortion.
It's time . Thank you.
Hello . This is my mobile phone.
A mobile phone can change life, and it gives you individual freedom.
A mobile phone can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a cell phone, you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a cell phone, you can record a song, put it to Sudan and make it famous.
All of this is possible with a cell phone.
I'm a 1984, and I live in Berlin City.
Let's go back to that time, to this city.
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were trying to look for a change.
This is the fall of 1989 . Imagine if all these people gathered that they're looking for a change, they had a mobile phone.
Who of the present has a mobile here?
Let's take them up.
Raise your mobile phones, raise them!
Let's go back . An Android, a Blackberry, wow!
It's a lot . Almost everybody today has a mobile phone.
But today I'm going to talk about me, from my mobile phone, and how life changed.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35 800 lines of information.
Drug data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U . Commission presented a directive.
It's the Director of Data Act.
This director says that every European telephone company, every single Internet provider all over Europe has to store a wide range of information from users.
Who's called who . Who sends an email to who.
Who sent a text to who.
And if we use the mobile phone, where we are.
All this information is stored for at least six months, and to two years, in your phone company or your Internet provider.
And all over Europe, people stood up and said,``We don't want this . ''
They said they didn't want this data feedback.
We want the self-determination in the digital age, and we don't want the telecommunications to store all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests, everybody said,``We don't want this . ''
And here you can see about 10,000 people who went out on the streets of Berlin and said,``Freedom, not fear . ''
And some even said this would be Stage 2.0.
State was the secret police of East Germany.
And I also asked myself if this really works.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time I use the mobile phone?
So I asked my phone, Determiens Telescope, who was then the largest telephone company in Germany, which please send me all the information they had about me.
I asked them once, and I came back to ask, and I didn't get a concrete answer . It was all blah, blah.
But then I said,``I want to have this information because you are protecting my life.
So I decided to start a judicial demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Dr. telescopes said no, we will not give you this information.
At the end, we signed an agreement.
It would slow down and they would send me the information that I asked.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional Court failed the introduction for the German law of the E.U.
So I got this ugly ugly with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Thirty and five thousand hundred lines of information.
I first saw them and I said, well, it's a huge archive . Okay.
But after a while I realized that's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little bit skeptical: what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what data performance means.
So, along with Keith Online and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a six-year-old visualization of my life.
You can zoom in and go away, go backwards and forwards.
You can see every step I give.
And you can see how I'm from Franklin in train to colony, and what often I call on the journey.
All of this is possible with this information.
That gives a little scary.
But it's not just about me.
But of all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talk a couple of times.
And then they call me some friends and they call them.
And then you call the other, and the other one, and we end up with this great network of communications.
You can see how people communicate with each other to what time they call each other, what time they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is making.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who you talk to who, who sent an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and to two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people on the streets of Berlin in the fall of 1989, they had a mobile phone in the pocket.
And the Stanford had known who involved in this protest, and if the Stanford had known who the leaders were, this had never happened.
The Berlin Wall's fall may never have happened.
And, in fact, not the fall of the Indian Court.
Because today, state agencies and companies want to store so much information from us as possible inside and out of the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and want to store them forever.
But self-determination and living in the digital age is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for self-determination.
You have to fight that every day.
When they go home, tell their friends that privacy is a 21st century value, and it's not past fashion.
When they go home, tell their representative that only because companies and state agencies can store some information, they don't have to.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information stored from you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile phones to remind you to remember that you have to fight for self-determination in the digital age.
Thank you.
Hello TEDWomen, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TEDWomen, what happens?
I call me Machette Zaire and I'm not drunk, but I know the doctor who brought me to the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, holding the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have brain palsy, which is why I shake all the time.
Look.
It's exhausting.
And Muhammad Al.
The T C. is not genetic.
It's not congestion, it can't contract.
No one metal the uterus of my mother, and I didn't control it because my parents were cousins, even though they are.
Just go through accidents, like the one that happened to me.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, they've wanted to be disabled.
Let's go from walk.
Vietnam Faces: They're in the mall, they're in the mall, they drive in circles, and what they see?
16 empty places for disabled.
And you think,``God, can I be at least a little bit disabled? ''
In addition, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and T C. is just one of them.
There was a collapse of oppression, I would win the gold medal.
I'm Palestine, Muslim, woman, disabled and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should.
I'm from Park Chess, New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same principles.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
Many people with brain palsy don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the``can't . ''
The mantra of my father was,``You can . You can do it, you can dance . ''
If my three older sisters cleaned, I cleaned.
If my three older sisters were going to public school, my parents went to the school system and made sure that I was also, and if we didn't know all the maximum note, we all got the shoes of my mother.
My father taught me to walk at five years by putting my talents on his feet and just walking.
Another tactics that I used was to hang a dollar in front of me so that it would follow it.
The spirit that I carry inside was very strong and ...
Yeah . The first day in kindergarten was walking like a box that has received a lot of hits.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabs, and they're still all of the family . I think nobody realized that we were not Italian.
This was before 9/11 and that politicians would think appropriate to use``Gold to Muslims"as a campaign.
The people I grew up with no problems with my faith.
And yet, it seemed to be worried about a lot of hunger during the branch.
I was telling you that I had enough fat to live three of these entire months without eating, so I'm going to support the dawn when it's very easy.
He's on Broadway.
Yes, in Broadway . It's crazy . My parents couldn't pay for physical therapy, so I was sent to dance school.
I learned to dance with heels, or I can walk with heels.
I'm from New Jersey, and we want to be a kid, so if my friends used heels, I also.
And when my friends were going to pass summer vacation on the coast of Jerusalem, I wasn't going.
I spent my summers in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we didn't go back to Palestine all summer, we would become Madonna.
In the summer vacation of my father, my father was trying to heal me, so I drink my chest milk, they put hot cups on my back, I was immersed in the Dead Sea, and I remember the water burned my eyes and thought,``It works . ''
But the miracle cure was the yoga.
I have to say that it's very boring, but before I do yoga was a studied comedian that I couldn't stand up with.
And now I can hold on your head.
My parents reported this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be at the General hospital phone.
I went to college through positive discrimination, and I got a scholarship for the United States, University of the state of Arizona, because it was in all of you.
It was like the male department of the theater department.
Everyone loved me.
I did all the tasks of the least intelligent, I took the maximum note in my classes, and also in their classes.
Every time I was doing a crystal zoo scene, my teachers cried.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the United States decided to make a piece called Dance very slow in Jackson.
It's a piece of a girl with brain palsy.
I was a girl with brain palsy.
So I started screaming the four winds,``At the end, I'll have a paper!
I have brain palsy!
At the end! At the end!
Thank God all-powerful, I'm free . ''
I didn't get paper . They gave him Sheikh Brown.
I was going to increase the director of the theater department, crying historically, as if someone had killed my cat, to ask why, and she said to me, because they believed it couldn't do the risk stunts.
And I said,``Excuse me, if I can't do the risk stunts, it can't be the character either . ''
It was a role for which I was literally born and gave it to an actress without brain palsy.
The university was mimicking my life.
Hollywood has a loss of hearing actors without disability for disabled roles.
When I graduated, I came home, and my first active tour was like a profile on a phone.
My dream became true.
And I knew that it would be``teammates"to``better friend ,"in a symbol.
Instead, I stayed there as a vase, I didn't see more than the night, and it was obvious to me that the repair directors didn't hire any good, white actors, disabled.
They only hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching Whole Goldberg, Rossey Barry, Ellen, and all these women had one thing in common: they were comedians.
So I made myself humor.
In my first tour, I took famous comics from New York to New Jersey, and I'll never forget the face of the first cartoon that I took when I fell at the top of it I was at the New Jersey highway with a driver that had brain palsy.
I worked in clubs from all over the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, no censorship and no veil.
Some people say I'm the first monoxico of the Arab world.
I never like to write the first place, but I know that you never heard that little nasty buzz that says women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my mother's brother and father, Dean Oliver, and I launched the New York University Festival in New York City, now in his 10 year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the regularities in the media, and at the time to remind the direction directors that South and Arabic is not synonymous.
Interpretating Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of the stigma of disability.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I was kind of invited to the cable news program with Keith Oliver.
I walked into a graduation dance, and I was dragged to a studio and sat on a wheelchair.
I looked at the principal, and I said,``Excuse me, can you give me another chair? ''
She looked at me and said,``Five, four, three, two...''
And we were live!
So I cling to the prisoner's desk to not get out of the screen during the segment, and when I finished the interview, it was pale.
I was at the end of my opportunity and disappeared . I knew they wouldn't invite me.
But not only Mr. Oliver came back to invite me, but I had a full-time participant and I pasted my chair.
Something fun that I learned from Keith Oliver was that people on the Internet are Scottish.
Kids are said to be cruel, but they never got rid of me and no longer.
All of a sudden, my disability on the Internet became object.
I saw clips online with comments like,``Why does it shake? ''
\" Is it delayed? ''
And my favorite:``Poor terrorist fun.
What's the disease?
We really should pray for it . ''
A comment suggested even to add my disability to my rsum: guide, comedian, paralyzed.
disability is as visual as race.
If anybody in the wheelchair can't make Feynman, then Feynman can't make someone in the wheelchair.
Disconnected are the...yeah, clap, man . Come on.
Disconnected are the largest minority in the world, and the most understood in the entertainment world.
The doctors say it won't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, I grew up with the media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, I would make less hate on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our children.
My awkward journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I got to walk through the red carpet of the Sunset Liberia and the CEO Britain.
I got to act in a film with Adam Sandy and working with my idol, the incredible Dave Matthews.
And I go through the world, and the Arabs have become crazy . ''
I was delegate in the great state of New Jersey at the NIH.
And I founded``The Children of Massachusetts ,"a charity of charity to give children Palestinian refugees a sadly part of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me live, and I gave this talk to his memory.
Dad.
I call me Machette Zaire, and if I can, you also can . .
I'd like to tell you a story about a child of a small village.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
He lives in a little town south of Somalia.
This village is near Muslim.
The drought drives the small village to poverty and the edge of the individual.
With nothing to him there, it goes to the great city, in this case, Muggava, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there are no opportunities, there's no work, no future perspective.
He ended up living in a tent in the city outside Muslim.
After maybe a year, nothing.
A day is about a gentleman who offers her to lunch, after dinner, to breakfast.
He knows a dynamic group of people, which gives him a break.
It gets a little bit of money for it to buy new clothes, money to send home, to her family.
They present a young man.
It's finally married.
It starts a new life.
It has a life goal.
A beautiful day in Mogadishu, under a blue sky, was a bomb car.
That child from that little village with dreams of great care was the suicide bomber, and that dynamic group of people were al Shabaab, a terrorist organization connected to the Qaeda.
So how do the story of a little village trying to fulfill their dreams in the city ends up with him?
He was waiting.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start his future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing he got.
This was the first thing that I pulled it out of what we call the``waiting period . ''
And his story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of the marginalized, young urban urban men who are disappearing riots in Johannesburg, disappeared riots in London, looking for something beyond``waiting period . ''
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity, of work, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often youth that suffers from the highest rates of unemployment.
By 2030, three in five people who live in cities will be under 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities, the story of waiting for terrorism, the door of access to the gang, to be the history of 2.0 cities.
And in my city of birth, Muslim , 70 percent of young people are unemployed.
70 percent doesn't work, it doesn't go to school.
They don't do virtually anything.
I went back to Mogadishu last month, and I went to visit the Madison Hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember being in the hospital, and I remember thinking,``And would I never have gone? ''
What if I had been forced to be in that same``waiting period . ''
Would I have become terrorist?
I'm not really sure of the answer.
The reason I was in Mogadishu that month was actually to harbor some juvenile leaders in a business.
I gathered about 90 Somali juvenile leaders.
We sat down and had a rain of ideas on the solutions to the big challenges that the city faces.
One of the young people in the room was Adam.
He went to the University of Muslim, graduated.
There was no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he told me, because he was a graduate, unemployed college, was the perfect white for Al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited.
They looked for people like him.
But this story takes a different path.
In Mogadishu, the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B are the streets.
Twenty years of civil war has completely destroyed the visual system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to move.
And they saw an opportunity, and it took it.
It started a motorcycle company.
It started algaring motorcycles to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 engines, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point to expand to hundreds of engines for the next three years.
Why is this story different?
What does this story different?
I think their ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the corporate spirit, and I think corporate spirit can be the most powerful tool against the waiting period.
It feeds young people to be the creators of the economic opportunities that are looking for so desperately.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Mohamed Mohammed, a flower.
I was helping to train some of the young people in the business of corporate initiatives and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of corporate initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Muslim has seen in more than 22 years, and until recently, until Mohamed came up, if you wanted flowers for your wedding, you used we were from plastic sent from abroad.
If you asked someone,``When was the last time you saw fresh flowers? ''
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be,``Never . ''
So Mohamed saw an opportunity.
It started a company of landscape and flying design.
He created a farm on the outskirts of Muslim, and he started growing tons and literatures, which he said, could survive Muslim's last climate.
And it started the delivery of flowers for weddings, creating gardens in the houses, and the city companies, and now he's working on creation of the first public park in Mogadishu in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Mogadishu.
It wants to create a space where families, young people, can go together, and as he says, smell the proverbial roses.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, Mohamed's presence had a really profound impact in young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for an NGO, working for government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
He forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunities.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs, they could be a change of change.
For the end of the day, they already had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They made business solutions for local problems.
So inspired young people and creating a culture of corporate spirit is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas.
They need experience and guidance to guide them in development and put in their business.
They connect young people with the resources they need, bless the support they need to move from conception to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, corporate spirit is something else to start a business.
It's creating a social impact.
Mohamed is not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
Their Peace Park, this is how it calls it, when it's created, will transform the way people see their city.
So, they had hired children in the street to help rent and keep the engines for him.
He gave them the chance to escape the paralysis of the waiting period.
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is: they turn young people into entrepreneurs, they go up and feed their inherent innovation, and they'll have more stories about flowers and parks of Peace who are saving and``waiting periods . ''
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went camping with my dad in the Adamma Mountains, an area you got north of New York City.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest celebrated.
The sun made the leaves glow as a glass, and not to be the way that we followed, we could almost pretend that we were the first human beings to spend that land.
We got to our camp.
It was a coverage on a very beautiful crystal lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the coverage, there was a trash, about four square feet with apple hearts with blue paper balls, and old sub-Saharan.
And I was angry, I was very angry and incredibly confused.
Campaigns that were too lazy to pull out what they had brought, who thought I was going to clean their trash?
That question remained with me, and a little bit of it.
Who clean our trash?
No matter how you organize or where you get the``ours ,"who clean our trash in Istanbul?
Who clean our trash in Rio or Paris or London?
Here in New York, the Department of sanitation clean our trash, at the rate of 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What does the uniform use and take that burden?
So I started a research project with them.
And I traveled in the trucks and walked through his tracks and interviewed people in offices and facilities around the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an intruder.
I needed to go more.
So I started working as a garbage collector.
Now I didn't just travel in the trucks . I drove them.
And I was operating the mechanical debris and the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
Everybody asks the smell.
It's there, but it's not as prevailing as you believe, and in the days that it's very strong, you quickly used.
It costs a lot to be used to weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years, and their bodies were following the weight of taking on their body tons of trash every week.
There's also the danger.
According to the Office of Labor Statistics, the collection collection is one of the 10 most dangerous occupation in the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and entering the traffic all day, and you're walking around you.
They just want to go, so in general the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the worker.
And also the garbage itself is full of dangers that often fall out of the truck and cause terrible damage.
I also learned about the relentless of the trash.
When you get out of the tape and you see a city from the back of the truck, you get to understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
Never stop coming.
It's also like a form of breathing or circulation.
It should always be in motion.
And it's also the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I think the waste collectors are the most important labor of labor on the streets of the city, for three reasons.
These are the first public health drivers.
If you don't get rid of the waste in the efficient and effective way every day, this starts to break out of your container and your inherent dangers threaten us in very real ways.
Disease that we had controlled for decades and centuries go back and start giving us.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old, we don't have space for what the economy of the economy starts to fail when consumption is in danger.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, just pointing out.
And then there's what I call our average speed.
With that, I just mean the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time.
We usually don't worry, we don't repair, we clean or take our cup of coffee, our bandwidth bag, our water bottle.
We use them, we take them, we forget them, because we know that there's a force of work on the other side that will get rid of it.
So today I want to suggest a couple of ways of thinking about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce the stigma and include them in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
His job, I think, is almost literary.
They're on the street every day, in a rhythmic form.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when you wait.
And their work allows us to do our own.
It's almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us leaves ourselves from our own waste, our own waste, our waste, and that flow should always stay in one form or another.
One day after September 11th , 2001, I listened to the graduate of a waste collection truck on the street, grabbed my son small and dropped the stairs running, and there was a man doing his paper recycling journey as all of the Wednesday.
And I tried to thank him to do his work that day in particular, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and just nodded, and said,``We're going to be right.
We're going to be okay . ''
Shortly after that, I started researching waste collection, and I went back to that man.
It's called Paul, we worked together, and we did good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be right.
But in our efforts for revealing the way we exist on this planet as a species, we should include and to account all the costs, even the very real human cost of the labor.
Model waste, what we think when we talk about garbage, represent three percent of the number of waste of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistic.
So in the flow of your days and your lives, the next one you see someone whose job is to clean the trash of you, take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to tell you thank you.
My work is focused on the connection of thinking in our community life, making part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from conditions and local traditions.
I brought two recent projects today as an example of this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that the different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the final work of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial manufacturing center in Ethiopia's capital, Addis Ababa.
This is the kind of building that showed us as an example, to my team and me, about what we had to design.
At the beginning, the first thing I thought was,``I want to run out . ''
After seeing some of these buildings, there are many in the city, we realized that there are three important aspects to highlight.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to employ a lot of energy because of the crime to generate heat inside, so it's necessary for a lot of cooling.
In a city where this should not happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees across the year.
And third, it has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia.
It's a shame trying to be so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, I was really able to engage with the ancient market that's the free air structure where thousands of people, go and buy things every day to small marketers.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that's what I really wanted to design, not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a modern building, of various stories, applying these principles.
The next challenge was introduced by inspiring the site, which is located in a very much area of the city, where a lot of the buildings that we now see in the image, don't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that are not communicating in an extension of hundreds of meters.
So the first thing we did was we created a connection between these two streets, bringing all the entries together.
And this extends with an inclined atrium that creates a free air space in the building that's atrophied, for its own shape, the sun and the rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of market with small businesses, which changes on each floor because of the shape of space.
I also thought, how would the building close?
I wanted to find a solution that responded to local climate conditions.
And I started thinking about a similar tissue to a picture of concrete with performances to allow the input of air, and also light, but in a filtered way.
We then inspired us in these beautiful buttons of Ethiopian dress.
They have properties of fractal geometry, and this helped me to model the facade.
We're building that with these little little pieces that are the windows that are leaving the air and light in a controlled way in the building.
This is combined with these little color crystals that use the light inside of the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas, it wasn't easy to convince developers because they thought,``That's not a commercial center . It's not what we ask . ''
But ultimately, we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the commercial center, because at the end of the mall there was more local to sell.
And also the idea of facade was a lot more economic, not just because of material compared to the glass, but also because it wasn't necessary to have any air conditioning.
So we get certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to get the energy parking for the building in a city where electricity cuts almost every day.
So we got a great advantage putting photosboods on the roof.
And then under those panels, we think of the ceiling as a new public space with meeting areas and bars that would create this urban oasis.
And these pains on the roof, which in the aggregate collect water for the health care.
It's expected for the early year, because we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a masterpiece of 2,000 apartments and services in Tunisia City.
And to make a project so big, the biggest one I've designed, I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also its environment, its tradition and culture.
During that analysis, I put special attention in the media, a 1,000 year-old structure that was surrounded by a wall with twelve doors of access connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation that we did was extend the existing streets, creating 12 initial blocks in size and characteristics that there's in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards.
In addition to that, we set up some strategic dots in relation to the idea of interconnected doors with straight lines, and this modified the initial model.
And the last operation was to think of the cell, the little project cell, like the apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would the best guidance for an apartment in the Mediterranean climate?
And it's North, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we put a scheme that makes sure most apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with courtyards, and then in the low plant we have all the connections for pedestrians.
And it also responds to local norms that make greater density on higher levels and a lower density on the low plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of doors.
The ceiling, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like retrospective the community occupied by building space.
It's where all the neighbors can go up and socialize, and make things like running a two miles per morning, or jumping from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's lives changes people and local economies at the same pace that buildings grow.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions that improve the relationship between community and the environment, and they have as a goal to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl joined our class . It was so remarkable, as you see all the new girls.
I had great amounts of very bright hair and a little set of pencils, cute . It was strong for the capital capitals, very good for terror.
I ended up that year and I was full of jealousy, until I brought my sinister plan.
I had a day after the school of school . I was a little late, and I hid on the bathroom of girls.
When the coast was cleared, I went out, I went into the classroom, I took my teacher's table.
And then I did.
I altered the ratings of my rival, just a little bit, just like that.
All the way, and I went back to return the book into the box, but to see, some of my other partners had very good notes as well.
So in a frenzy, I ran the notes around the world, no imagination.
I put all of you out of God and myself a row of this, just to be there, because ...
I'm still surprised by what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came.
I don't understand why I felt good.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never caught me.
It was all destructive.
They never found me.
But most of all, I discovered the reason why I was bothered that this little girl, so small, it was so good for terror.
I'm intrigued by jealousy.
They're so mysterious and so penetrate.
We know that babies suffer from jealousy.
Also primates . The blue birds are very prone.
We know that jealousy is the number one cause of spouse killings in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyzes loneliness, or the long duration or the sadness.
So, you have to go to fiction, because the novels are like the laboratory in all their possible forms.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there were no jealousy, there would be no literature.
Well, there would be no Helen, there's no``Odyssey . ''
There would be no celestial king, no``The thousand and a nights . ''
There would be Shakespeare.
They disappear the reading lists of high school, because we would be losing``The Noise and the Future ,"there would be no``Gatsby"and``Park ."`` Man Borne ."and``Anna K . ''
Without jealousy, there's no Prost . I know that Proust has the answers for everything, and in terms of the jealousy, it's almost all.
This year is 100 years of his masterpiece,``In looking for the lost time ,"the most exhaustive study of sexual cells and also the ordinary competition, mine, everything we could have, and thinking about Proust, we have the sentimental details, right?
We think of a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a magnetic magnetic in you of washing.
We forget how hard that image is.
We forget how impossible it is.
I mean, it's about books that Virginia Wolfe said were as hard as cat.
I don't know what the cat ticket is, but we assume it's surface.
Let's see why they're going so well, the novel and the jealousy and the Project.
Will it be very obvious as the jealousy cells, who reduce the person, to their desire, to their impediments, are a good narrative base?
I don't know . I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy.
When we feel jealousy, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
By being storytellers and audience, we know exactly what details will include, to kill the knife, right?
The cells make all of these non-visual novelists, and that is something that Prost understood.
All that she does to give me pleasure could give pleasure to another, maybe right now . ''
And it starts to tell itself that story, and since then, Proust says that every fresh love that Stanley detects in his lover, he adds it to his collection of torture instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that Stan and Proust, they were notoriously jealous.
You know, the British boyfriend would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so jealous to recognize that it's a hard job . Right?
The cells are exhausting.
It's a hungry emotion . You have to feed it.
And how are the cells?
The cells are nurtured from information.
The cells use details.
The cells like the great amounts of bright hair and the cute and small set of pencils.
The cells are nurtured from photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful.
When Sebastian is in his heart agony, suddenly listening behind the doors and bribes to the services of his lover, then he advocates those behaviors.
He says,``Look, I know that this is disgusting, but it's not different than the interpretation of an old text or to look at a monument . ''
He says,``They're scientific research with real intellectual value . ''
Proust is trying to prove that jealousy can see that jealousy, and they make us seem to be absurd, but in their memory, they are knowledge, for the truth of the truth, a painful truth . In fact, to the premium, the more painful truth, the better.
Pain, humiliation, loss: These were the pathways to the wisdom of Proust.
He says,``A woman who we need, that makes us suffer, it causes us a much deeper feeling range of feelings that a wise man can be interested in . ''
Is it telling us that we're going to look for cruel women?
No . I think it's trying to say that the cells reveal ourselves.
And is there any other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion reveals our aggression, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look at with such peculiar intensity?
Freud writing about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a very nice young man who's consumed with the idea that his wife would deceive him.
And Freud says there was something weird in that man, who didn't look at what his wife did.
Because she was innocent; everybody knew it.
The poor creature was low without any cause.
But he looked for things that his wife did, without realizing, involuntary behaviors.
Did you smile too much? Or do you accidentally pray with a man?
Freud says that man was becoming the cost of the unconscious of his wife.
The novels are very good at this.
The novels describe very well how cells do us to look at with intensity but without precision.
In fact, the more intensely we are, the more we become residents of fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the cells take us to do violent or illegal acts.
The cells drive us to behave in completely unimaginable ways.
Now I'm thinking about me at the age of eight, I recognize it, but I'm thinking about this story I heard in the news.
A woman from Michigan age 52 was captured because he had created a false account on Facebook from which he was sent, horrible messages to himself, for a year.
For a year, a year.
She was trying to instill the new girlfriend of her former boyfriend, and I have to confess that when or this, he reacted with admiration.
Because we are realistic.
What enormous, though unfortunate, creativity . Right?
It's like novel.
Like a November Patrick novel.
Higgs is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of the American literature.
It's the author of``strangers in a train ,"and``The Talk Mr. Rio ,"books who are dealing with how the jealousy cells, they confuse our minds, and once we're in the sphere, in the realm of jealousy, the membrane that separates what it might be, can be punched in a instant.
Take Tom Rocketen, his most famous character.
Tom Rio is going to be able to want or want what you're going to take from your self, and to put out what you ever had, and it's under the floor . It responds to your name, takes your rings, cow your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take Tom Rocketonist's route.
I can't give you everybody, as much as sometimes I want.
It's a pity, because we live in time of envy.
We live in jealousy times.
I mean, we are good citizens of social media, where the currency is envy? Right?
The novels show us the exit? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what the characters always do when they're not sure, when they're to a mystery.
Let's go to the 2012 from Baker Street, and we asked for Sherman Hollywood.
When people think in napkins, they think about the merchant in Professor Moriarty, that criminal genius.
But I've always prefer [to] Lesterland, the head face of Scott Side, who needs Hollywood desperately, needs the Dutch genius, but it bothers.
Oh, it sounds so familiar.
Readers need its help, but it does, and bubble with bitterness in the fall one of the mysteries.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in``The Six Nagolan adventure ,"once you Dutch comes into it, it's going to go back to everybody with his solution, Reader goes back to Hollywood and says,``We're not jealous, Mr. Hollywood.
We're proud of you . ''
And he tells him that there's no person in Scotland Park who wouldn't want to raise her hand.
It's one of the times that we see Hollywood displaced in history . I think it's very emotional . That scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the cells like a geometry problem, no emotion.
You know, in a minute Hollywood is on the opposite side of Lesterland.
The next minute is the same side.
All of a sudden, Lesterland allows you to admire that idea of being.
Could it be so simple?
What if cells are really a matter of geometry, just a question of where we allow ourselves to be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to get away from the excellence of the other.
We can align with it.
But I like conservation plans.
So as we wait for that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction to comfort us.
Only the fiction is the charge.
The fiction alone is diamonds, invited them to the table.
And look at what I clustered: the sweet Lesterland, the Alaska Time, the Salam Lama, the same Mark Proust.
We are in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21 , 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the Apollo 11 moon and went down on the Translator Sea.
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone, but their presence in the gray surface moon was the culmination of a collective process.
The Apollo program was the largest mobility in the history of the United States.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars of today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave work about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died, including Apollo 1 crew.
But before the Apollo Apollo program , 24 men traveled to the moon.
Doaa walked on its surface, which Alist after the death of Armstrong last year, is now the oldest.
So why were they?
They didn't bring a lot back : 318 kilos of old rocks, and something that the 24 will emphasize later, a new sense of the small and the fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical response is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate Soviets, that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at Rican University in 1962 give us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy: Some questions, why the moon?
Why do we turn it into our goal?
And you might also ask, why do we scale the highest mountain?
35 years ago, why flying on the Atlantic?
Why play Rice against Texas?
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're difficult.
Jason Point: For the contemporaries, the Apollo was not just a West victory on the East War.
At the time, the stronger emotion was to wonder to the transcendence of technology powers.
They were because it was great to be able to do it.
The landing on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological triumph.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane, the penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis.
In half of the century, the police is eradicated and the smallpox is removed.
Technology seemed to be able to do what Alvin Topol in 1970 called``electrical force . ''
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse, or a candle ship, but in 1969, the Apollo 10 fly at 40,000 miles an hour.
Since 1970, no human being has gone back to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than the Apollo 10 of the Apollo 10, and the optimism of the power of technology has been evaporated by seeing that problems that we imagine that technology would be to go to Mars, create a clean energy, cure cancer, or feed the world population seem to be intractable.
I remember looking at the Apollo 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that he doesn't look at the escape tube called Saturn V.
I knew that this would be the last moon mission, but I was completely sure that I would get to see the colonies on Mars.
So that``Something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology"become a common place.
We heard it all the time.
We heard it for the last two days here at TED.
It seems like the technologists would have been distracted, and they would have been buried with trivial toys, things like iPhones, applications and social networks, or algorithms that accelerate the automated sales.
There's nothing wrong with most of these things.
They've expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There's a particular explanation in Silicon Valley, which trust that you've created less ambitious companies than the years of Intel, Microsoft, Apple and Geneva.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the guilty, in concrete, incentives that venture capitalists offer entrepreneurs.
Silicon Valley says that risk investment causes the creation of transformative ideas by the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It's mostly explained what's wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when the risk capitalists were in their light point without worrying about risk, they preferred small investments, tiny investments that they could go out in 10 years.
The LHC . They've always had problems to invest with benefits in technologies like energy, which need enormous capital and what development is in the long term . They've never invested in developing technologies to solve big problems because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
We won't go to Mars because everybody thinks there's more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of the global energy consumption from renewable energy sources like solar, wind and biofuels -- less than two percent, and the reason is completely economic.
coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than the biofuels.
We want alternative energy sources that can compete in price . They don't exist.
Now, technologists, entrepreneurs and economists agree about what policy and international treaties will increase the development of an alternative energy: mostly, a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of coal prices.
But there is no hope in the current political climate that we'll see an energy policy in the United States or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes the big problems that seem technological, they turn out not to be.
We know from the time that famine is a result of failure in food repair.
But 30 years of research has taught us that famine are political crisis that effectively affect food distribution.
Technology can improve things like harvest or systems for storage and food repair, but there will be famine while there were bad governments.
Finally, the big problems sometimes light a solution because we don't understand the problem really.
President Nixon declared the war to cancer in 1971, but soon we discovered that there are many kinds of cancer, some terrible restaurants to treatment, and only over the last 10 years seems to have found effective and viable treatments.
The hard problems are difficult.
It's not true that we can't solve problems with technology.
We can and we must, but these four elements have to be present: political leaders and population must want to solve the problem; institutions must support the solution; it should really treat a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems, with those criteria.
But it's a creative model in the future.
We're not in 1961.
There's not a crank competition like in the Cold War, there is no policy like John Kennedy who hurt the difficult and the dangerous, and there is no popular science of science fiction like exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon, it turned out to be simple.
It was just three days.
And really, I wasn't even solving any problem.
We are alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we're not missing the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Now, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start remembering the widespread ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they have become a cliche of our society.
I think it's three.
The first one is a record: there's been a great decline of trust, is a very widespread belief.
The second is a goal: we should have more confidence.
And the third one is a task: we should recover trust.
I think the record, the target and the task has been wrong.
What I'm going to try and tell you today is a different story about a link, a goal and a task, which I think gives a clearer idea on the subject.
First of all, why don't people think that trust has decreased?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I'm inclined to think that it can be diminished in some activities or institutions, and that could have increased each other.
I don't have it clear.
But I can turn to the opinion polls, and the opinion polls are supposedly the source of belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at the opinion polls over time, there are not many evidence of it.
I mean, the people who were discovered 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same mistrust.
And the people who were very reliable 20 years ago are still quite reliable: judges, nurses.
The rest is in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen of the street is almost exactly halfway.
But is this enough evidence?
What the surveys of opinion is, of course, opinions.
What else can you register?
What you see is generic attitudes that people manifest when you ask some questions.
Do we trust politicians? Trust teachers?
Now, if somebody would ask you,``Trust the vegetables?
Do you trust the fishermen?
Do you trust the teacher's teachers? ''
You'd probably start to ask yourself,``To do what? ''
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you could say, when you've answered your question,``Well, I trust some, but in others . ''
Which is very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to deposit trust differently.
We don't assume that the level of trust we're going to feel for a certain kind of official, functional, or kind of person, is going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, say that I trust a certain teacher of primary I know to give the class of reading, but in any way to drive the school microscope.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my most crazy friend to keep a conversation, but not maybe to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've gotten those evidence in our daily lives of the way trust is differentiated, why do we stop all that knowledge when we think about trust more abstract?
I think the polls are very bad tools to measure the real confidence of real trust, because they try to obvious the good inherent trial to trust something or in somebody.
Secondly, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more confidence.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I will pursue.
I'm going to try to have more confidence in what confidence is, but not what it is.
Ultimately, I'm a part of not trust what's not reliable.
And I think that those people who deposited their savings with the very carefully named Mr. Madoff, who then disappeared with them, I think of them, and I think, well, they were too confident.
Having more confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life.
Trust defense or denied negative, that's the right goal.
Once you tell you, it says, yes, it's worth, that means that what matters in the first place is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What's about doing a judgment about how trustworthy people are in certain ways.
And I think that to make a judgment, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are you competent? Are you honest? Are you responsible?
And if you find that a person is competition in the relevant materials, and it's responsible and honest, then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be worthy of trust.
But if, in contrast, they're not responsible, we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competent and honest, but I won't trust them to take a letter to the email, because they're forgotten.
I have friends that are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competence.
And I'm very glad to say that I don't have a lot of friends that are competent and responsible, but extremely dishonest.
If that is, I still haven't been perceived.
But that's what we're looking for: trustworthiness before trust.
The trust is the answer.
trustworthiness is what we have to judge.
And, of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we've tried to build accountability systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and so on, that made us easier the task of judging their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a party, and he said,``Well, you'll see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the administrative paper than to go on the ground . . ''
And we find the same problem in all of our public life, and institutional, that the accountability system that's destined to guarantee trustworthiness and testing testing, is actually doing the opposite.
What they do is to do the work of people who have to do hard tasks, like the midwives, by demanding that``markete the boxes ,"as we say.
I'm sure you all know similar examples.
Everything, all of that, for the goal.
I think the goal should be more reliable, and things would be different if we try to be worthy of trust and convey the people that we are reliable and if we try to determine whether other people or officials or politicians are worthy of trust.
It's not easy . It's judgment, simple actions, attitudes, which is not doing properly.
Third, the task.
To call the task rebuild trust, put things backwards.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can rebuild the trustworthiness.
We can do it if it's two people, together, try to improve trust.
But trust, in definition, is distinctive because it brings us other people.
You can't reconstruct what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough bases so they can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't deceive, usually, all the people, all the time.
But you've also got to add some favorite evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do it?
That's done every day, everywhere, the common people, the officials, the institutions, very effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I buy my socks says I can give you no explanation.
I take them and give me the money, or they change them for the color that I want.
That's great . I trust them because they became vulnerable before me.
I think there's a great lesson on that.
If you become vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you are worthy of trust and you have trust on what you're saying.
So, at the end, I think that what we're pointing on is not very hard to disagree.
What people trust is in relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers, we've been struggling to reduce separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of the screen where imagination can be dismissed.
This separation has been reduced, increasingly and more, to such a point that today is less than one millimeter, the glass of the glass of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I wonder, and if there were no barriers?
I started imagining how it would be.
So first of all, I created this tool that goes inside the digital space, so that when the strong push against the screen transfers their body physical to pixels.
Designers can kill their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen.
So, with this tool, the barriers are breaking.
But the two hands remain still outside the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of your hands?
In the discipline of Microsoft applied in Microsoft, along with my mentor Cat Bobbing, I wrote the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital work area.
combining a transparent bombsight with deep cameras to detect the fingers and the face, now you can raise the hands of the keyboard, get inside of the 3D space, and grab pixels directly with your hands.
As windows and archives have a location in real space, select them is as easy as to grab a book of a shelf.
You can take the book and highlight lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that's down every floating screen.
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with hands.
In these examples, we enter the digital world.
What if we invest the papers and make digital information come to us?
Surely, many of us will have bought and return things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about it.
What I have here is a virtual writer for the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device mounted in your head or translucent when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we can play them and feel them?
What would a future like that?
At the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Ishii and my collaborator Reinfel Post, we created this only physical pixel.
This spherical magnet is behaving as a 3D pixel in space, which means that both the computer as users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space.
Similarly, what we did was we analyzed gravity and control movement through a combination of magnetic levitation, mechanical and detectors.
And when we program the object digitally, we release it from time constraints and space, which means that human movements can record and go back and stay forever in the physical world.
You can teach careers physically and distance, and the famous shot of Michael Jordan can be replicated as a physical reality, the times we want.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets, physics, and unlike monitors or textbooks, this is a real and palpable experience that you can play and feel . It's very powerful.
But what's most fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information will not only show us something but to start acting directly about us as part of the physical world around us, without we have to go down from our world.
We started the talk today, talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that remains is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a gym for two years in H1N1, China in the '70s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to transform a school for athletes with all the payments.
But my mother tiger said,``No . ''
My parents wanted me to become engineering, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they really believed that there was only one close path to happiness: a safe, surprising work.
No matter whether the job would like me or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer should start to train from very young to learn the activists, so I tried everything I could to go to opera school.
I even wrote to the director of school and a radio program.
But no adults gave him the idea.
No adults took me seriously.
Only my friends support me, but they were children, without authority, like me.
So at age 15, I knew that it was too much bigger to train.
My dream would never be done.
I feared, in the rest of my life, a second class was the only thing I could aspire.
And this was so unfair.
So I solved to look for another calling.
Anybody else wanted to teach me? Okay.
It comes to books.
[" Solar Wars"] [`` Lesson of The History"by Nan Hunt, I got to America in 1995, and what were the first books I read here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
\" The Great Earth"is about life campaign.
And it's not convenient propaganda . I understand.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's a subject for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was an epiphany:``Honor your father and your mother . ''
\" Honey ,"I said,``It's so different, and much better than obey . ''
So it became my tool to go out of this confused crash, and to reset the relationship with my parents.
I encounter a new culture also led to my habit of comparative reading.
It's a lot of perspective.
For example, this map seemed to me, because this is what the students in China learn.
I had ever happened, that China didn't have to be at the center of the world.
A map involves the perspective of people.
comparative reading is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are to fields of research like comparative religion and comparative literature.
Comparing and hiring, it offers the academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought if the comparison reading worked to investigate, why not do it also in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two to two.
You can treat people [`` Benjamin Franklin"] [`` John Adams"by David McCurish who were involved in one of the same or friends with shared experiences.
For the Christ, the tensions are economic, political and spiritual.
For the Buddha, they're all psychological: lust, fear and social duty -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
[" The Talk of The Talk"Alan Watson, instead of losing in translation, found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation I realized that``happiness"in Chinese literally means``fast joy . ''
And``girlfriend"in Chinese, literally it means``new mother . ''
The books opened up a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know that I will not feel alone or powerless never.
Having a broken dream is really nothing compared to what many others have suffered.
I've come to believe that performance is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect to the place that dreams come from, where the passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
Even a scary dream can do that for you.
And it's because of books, which I'm here today, happy, living again with purpose and clarity, most of the time.
So the books always come up with them.
Thank you.
Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first school client.
I was a Ph.D. student in clinical psychology in Berkeley.
She was a 26-year-old woman named Alex.
Alex went into the first session using cowboy and a shoe, he threw on the couch of my office, he took the shoes and told me he wanted to talk about the men.
When I heard this, I felt so relieved.
My classmates had a pyramid as a first client.
And I played a feedback that I wanted to talk about.
I thought I could manage it.
But I didn't.
With the funny stories that Alex brought to the sessions, it made me easy just to move my head while we went back to the solution.
\" The treatments are the new 20s ,"and so I saw Alex, and so she was right.
You start working later, you house later, you have kids later, until the death happens later.
For teenagers like Alex and I had time.
But soon after, my supervisor pressure me to press Alex to talk about his loving life.
I was resistant.
I said,``Sure, it's coming out with guys under his category, and it's happy with a hollow head, but it's not like it was to marry him . ''
And then my supervisor said,``No, but maybe it married the next one.
In addition, the best moment to work in Alex's marriage is before it falls . ''
This is what psychologists call a``Aha!"moment.
It was when I realized that the 30 is not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what they were used to, but this didn't make Alex's 1990s were a pause in their development.
This made the 200 of Alex be the perfect time, and we were wasting.
So I realized, this kind of benign recklessness was a real problem and had real consequences, not just for Alex and his loving life, but for the careers, the families and the feedback of all sides.
There are 50 million hectares in the United States today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you think nobody gets to adulthood without going through the 20.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20s.
I want to see the geeks here.
Oh yeah! They're amazing.
If you're working with vegetables, you love a helicopter, you take the dream a vegetable, I want to see . It's right . Amazing, you really matter.
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at 35 years.
This means that eight in 10 decisions and experiences and moments,``Aha!"that they shape their life to have happened to when they have 30 and so many.
People over 40, don't train in panic.
This audience is going to be okay, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a race has an exponential impact on how much money they will win.
We know that over half of Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future partner at 30 years.
We know that the brain ends up its second and last stage of growth in its 20s, and it's reprogramming for adulthood, which means that if there's something they want to change themselves, now is the moment to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20 than any other time in life, and we know that female fertility comes to its top at 28, and things become complicated at 35.
The 20 are time to educate their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment when his daily and common life has a mixed impact in the person who will become.
But what we don't hear often is that there is something called adult development and our 20 are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the geeks are listening to.
The newspapers talk about changes on the timeline of adulthood.
The researchers call the 20th an extended adolescence.
The journalists take a ridiculous name to the geeks like toys and hellonings.
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a triviality that is actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Bernstein said that to achieve big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it true?
What do you think happens when you give you a stick in your head and say,``Do you have another 10 years to start your life? ''
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and their ambition and not absolutely nothing.
And then every day, smart vets, interesting like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this:``I know my boyfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count . I'm just killing time . ''
Or they say,``Everyone says that as you start a career before the 30, everything will be okay . ''
But then it starts to sound something like this:``My 20 are to end and still have nothing to show.
I had better rsum the day I graduated from college . ''
And then it starts to sound something like this:``My quotes during the 20 were like the game of the chairs.
They all run and become fun, but then somewhere around 30, the music was turned off and they all began to sit.
I didn't want to be the only one who was stuck, so I sometimes think that I married my husband because he was the closest chair when I was 30 . ''
Where are the vets here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little extreme, but it doesn't get wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 1930s, there's a huge pressure to the trains, and so many of you start a career, choose a city, choose a couple, and have two or three children in a much shorter time period.
Many of these things are not compatible, and there are research that start to show, which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything from once to the 1930s.
The media crisis crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
You realize you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give a brother to your son.
A lot of theaters and curators see themselves, and me, sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20,``What was I doing? What was I thinking? ''
I want to change what the geeks are doing and thinking.
Here's a story of how it could be.
It's a story about a woman called Emma.
At 25, Emma came to my office because he was, in his own words, having an identity crisis.
He said he would like to work in art or entertainment, but it couldn't be decided yet, so I spent the last few years working as a teacher.
As it was cheaper, I lived with a boyfriend who showed more temperature than ambition.
And despite living about 20 very difficult, their previous life had been even harder.
He cried often in our sessions, but then she would get up and say,``You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends . ''
Well, one day Emma came up with his head on his legs and crying for almost every hour.
I had just bought a new book for director, and it had spent all the morning crying with his many contacts, but then he kept looking at the empty space that follows after the words``in case of emergency, please call...''
I was at the point of the story when he saw me and said,``Who's going to be for me if I have an automobile accident?
Who's going to take care of me if I'm cancer? ''
At that time, I took a lot of work to resist and not say,``Aye . . ''
What Emma needed was not a therapist that really was worried.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I was working with Alex just to sit while the decisive decade of Emma passed in front of it.
So, over the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all of the version, man or woman, deserves to know.
First, I told Emma that he forgot from that identity crisis, and he got identity capital.
For capital capital, I mean doing something that adds value to your person.
Doing something that is an investment in what they want to be later.
I didn't know the Emma race future, and nobody knows the future of work, but I know this: identity capital generating capital.
So now it's time for that work on the other side of the country, of that toilet, of that company that you want to test.
I'm not tearing the wind exploration, I'm describing the exploration that I should not tell, which, by the way, is not exploration.
It's procreation.
I told Emma to explore jobs and make them count.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are surviving.
The best friends are great to take them into the airport, but the vegetables who are together with similar minds are limited in the time who they know, what they know, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person who will go out almost always comes from their closest circle.
The new things come from what's called a faint friend of friends of friends of their friends.
Yes, half of the vets have a bad job or don't have work.
But the other half doesn't, and the weak links are the way to put this group.
Half of the jobs created never published, then to know the boss of your neighbor is the way to get a job not published.
It's not cheating . It's the science of how information is happening.
Finally, but not least, Emma believed that you don't choose your family, but I know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a veteran, Emma soon will choose his family, when you have a partner and form his own family.
I told Emma that time to choose his family had come.
Maybe you think that the 30 is better age to sit down than 20 or even 25, and I agree with you.
But choose the person that you live with now or you're going on when everyone in Facebook starts walking towards the altar is not progress.
The best time to work in your marriage is before you have it, and that involves being so intense in love as you're in the work.
To choose your family must be a conscious choice of who and what you want instead of just making it work or kill the time you pick them to you.
So what happened to Emma?
Well, we looked at that director, and she found the roommate of a cousin that was working on an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
That job offer gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend that he lived with.
Now, five years later, it's special evolutionary events in museums.
This married with a man who chose consciously.
He loves his new career, loves his new family, and sent me a letter that said,``Now the emergency contact spaces are not big enough . ''
Emma's story can sound easy, but that's what I love about working with vegetables.
It's very easy to help them.
The geeks are like airplanes that come out of the Los Angeles airport, they go somewhere in the west.
Just before you go away, a slight agreement in your trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fiji.
In the same way, at the age of 21 or 25 and even at 29, a good conversation, a good decline, a good TED Talk can have enormous effects in the next years or even generations next.
Here's my idea worthy of spreading all the geeks you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex.
That's what I now have the privilege of telling you like Emma every day: The trains are not the new 20, they collect their adult, they get identity capital, use their weak links, pick your family.
They don't let it define what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very demanding job in management consultant by a job that was even more demanding: the doctor.
I went to show you math students in New York public schools.
And as any teacher, I applied exams and testing.
I give you tasks.
When the job came back, he calculated the grades.
What struck me was that the CIA was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of the people who had a better performance didn't have IQ scores.
Some of my smartest kids were not going so well.
And that got me thinking.
The kind of thing you need to learn in mathematics in seventh grade, safe, are difficult: ratios, decimal, the area of a parallel.
But these concepts are not impossible and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time.
After several years of the doctor, I got to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivation perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure it better.
It's the CIA, but what if to succeed in school and in life depends on much more than the ability to learn very quickly and easy?
So I left the classrooms and went to college to become a psychologist.
I started studying children and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios, and every study my question was, who's successful here and why?
My research team and I went to the Academy Millennium West Point.
We're trying to predict what caused the military training and who will withdraw.
We went to the National Democratic contest, and we tried to predict what children would move as far as possible in competition.
We study novel teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, asking what teachers will still be teaching for the end of the school and those, who will be the most effective to improve the results of their students's learning?
We partnered with private companies, asking, which of these marketers are going to keep their jobs?
And who's going to make more money?
In all those very different contexts, a feature emerged as a major prediction of success.
And it was not social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance, the physical health, and it wasn't the CIA.
It was the determination.
Determination is passion and perseverance to achieve very long-term goals.
The determination is to have resistance.
The determination is to be clinging into its future, day after day, not just a week, not just for the month, not only for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The determination is to live life as if it was a marathon, not a career at all.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in the Indian public schools.
I asked thousands of high school students to make my determination questionnaires and then wait about over a year to see who they graduate.
It turns out that the children with more determination had significantly greater likelihood of graduate, even when I packaged them in every feature that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized testing, even security that children felt when they were in school.
So it's not only in West Point or at the National Democratic contest in which it matters determination . It's also in school, especially for children at risk.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know, how little the science is about development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me,``How do we develop the determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids an ethical job?
How do I keep them motivated for the long term? ''
The most honest answer is: I don't know . What I know is that talent doesn't give them determination.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals who just don't follow with their commitments.
In fact, in our data, the common determination is not related or even related to the talents of talent.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing performance in children is something called growth mindset.
This is a developed idea at Stanford University by Carol Duke, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed, that it can change with the effort.
Dr. Duke has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grow in response to challenge, they're much more likely to chase when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where I finish my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have on the front.
We need to take our best ideas, our stronger intuitions, and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they've been successful and we need to be willing to fail, to wrong, to start all again with the lessons that are learned.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our children more determined.
Thank you.
Growing up in Taiwan like a chicken's daughter, one of my most scary memories is my mother showing the beauty, the shape and the figure of Chinese characters.
Since that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for an foreigners, it seems as impressive as the Great China Wall.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can break this wall, so that whatever you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and very quick method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the pieces of each character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academic would understand 20,000 characters.
You only need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature, enough to read traffic signals, restaurant menus, understand the basic idea of websites or newspapers.
Today, I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
Open your mouth as much as possible until you're square.
They get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
People.
If the shape of fire is a person with arms on both sides, as if it's shouting in a frequent way,``Audience! I'm burning!"This symbol is actually original in the shape of the call, but I like to believe it's the other way . The one that works.
This is a tree.
Tree tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The door symbol looks like a pair of doors in the old West.
I call these eight characters.
They're building blocks for a lot more characters.
A person.
If somebody walks back, that's``follow . ''
As the ancient said, two are company, three are crowd.
If one person would stretch their arms, this person is saying,``It was that big . ''
The person inside the mouth, the person is caught.
It's a prisoner, like Jonas inside the whale.
A tree is a tree . Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, we have the foundations.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's a``idiot ."Easy to remember, because a party tree is pretty idiot.
Remember the fire?
Two fires together, so hot.
Three fires together, that's a lot of flames.
Put the fire under the two trees, that's burning.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two suns together, thriving.
Three together, those are flashes.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the brightness.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and night.
The sun comes out on the horizon . It will make.
A door . Put a table inside the door, it's the door of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
played, played is anybody at home?
This person is coming out of a door, escape, evaluating.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing.
Three women together, they have careful care.
So we've gone through almost 30 characters.
By using this method, the first eight radical ones will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with each little effort, they will be able to learn a couple of hundreds of characters, which is the same thing as an eight-year-old Chinese.
So after knowing the characters, we started creating sentences.
For example, mountain and fire together, we have a fire mountain . It's a volcano.
We know Japan is the land of the sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin, because Japan is east China.
So a sun next to the origin, we created Japan.
A person behind Japan, what do we have?
An Japanese person.
The character on the left is two mountains piled on the other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile, because Chinese employees would destroy their political enemies beyond mountains.
Today, the exile has become to go out.
A mouth that tells you where to go out is a exit.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and down from the stage . Thank you.
What I prefer to be Dad is the movies I get to see.
I love sharing my favorite movies with my children -- when my daughter was four, we saw the Wizard of Oz together.
The movie dominated his imagination for months.
His favorite character was Linda, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic wand.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and raise our children in a kind of industrial complex of specialists of child fantasy.
However, the Wizard magician was an event itself.
I didn't start that trend.
The trend really took a fourth years later with, interestingly, another film whose protagonist, a metal boy and a hairy boy rescued a girl dressed as a guard of enemy.
Do you know what I'm talking about? Yes . .
There's a big difference between these two movies, there's a couple of different differences between the Wizard magician and all the movies that we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the Wizard magician.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like the apples.
But I think if the magician of Oz did today, the magician would say,``Dorothy, you're the salvation of Oz as the prophecy I predict.
You use magic shoes to defeat the computer broadcaster in the evil suit.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing from the Wizard magician is that the most heroic, wise characters are women.
I started noticing this when I made Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a child.
''
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the survival level had gone down . So, he went down in the room, and I was impressed as a mom leg with his legs behind, and I don't think he understood what happened, but, indirectly, it absorbs everything.
I wonder what to perceive.
Would they be value of value, perseverance and loyalty?
Would it have the sense that Luke is an army to defeat government?
Let's compare this with the 1939 Wizard magician.
How do you win your movie?
By doing good migraine with all and being a leader.
It's the kind of world that I want my children to grow up with, okay? And not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much capital force, force in the movies for our children, and so little the yellow brick path?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence in girls, and they should read it . It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus.
I know for experience that the princess law doesn't provide the right framework that I would have served to navigate the world of adults that is blended . I think at the moment of the first kiss, I really hoped that the credit would start to appear because it's the end of the movie, right?
My search has finished, I have girlfriend.
Why are you standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies are focused on defeat the villain and getting their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like a child, you have to be a dumb animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a warrior suit.
There are lots of exceptions, and to defend Disney's princess to any of you.
But they send a message to children, even though they, kids, are not really their goal.
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend the patriarchy, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the patriarchy.
There's no model for them.
We also have some big women who write new stories for our children, so real and charming like Herman and Katrina, but they don't stop being movies.
Of course, the most successful issue of all time continues to go on classical after classical, each of them about the adventure of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and their son, or two men who believe a child.
Until, as many of you are thinking, this year, finally came out brave.
I recommend you all . It's available in stores.
Do you remember what the critic said when it came out?
I can't believe that Pixar has done a movie of a princess.
It's very good . You don't let that stop you!
Well, almost none of these movies pass the Beck test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
There hasn't been roots yet, and it's already spread, but maybe we'll start a movement today.
Alan Billet is a comic cartoon, and in the mid-'80s, I recorded a conversation that had had with a friend on the evaluation of the movies that they saw.
And it's very simple . There are only three questions that should be done: in the movie, there's more than a female character than have lines?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie?
Their conversations are about something else from the kid that they like? Okay? Thank you . Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things.
It happens . I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the movie we know and love.
In fact, this week I went to see a very good film of very good quality, argument.
Right? Roman Rummy, table success, an idea of consensus of what a quality Hollywood film is.
Pretty much, it doesn't happen to the Beck test.
And I don't think it should, because a lot of the film, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film happens in an embassy where men and women hide during the rebellion crisis.
We have a lot of scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this hide, and it's the great time for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say,``Are you going to bed, honey? ''
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, of the 100 most popular movies, how many of them think they have female protagonists?
Okay . It's not wrong.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women we have recently chosen for Congress, so it's okay.
But there's a bigger number than it's going to disappoint this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says it's been sexually assaulted once in their life.
I don't think it's the fault of mass entertainment.
I don't think movies for children have something to do with that.
I don't think that music videos or pornography are closely linked, but something is wrong, and when I hear that statistic, one of the things I think is that there's a lot of sexual arrangements.
Who are those guys? What are they learning?
What don't they learn?
Are you looking at the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat the villain with violence and then charge the reward, which is a woman who has no friends and doesn't speak?
Are we encouraging that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistic, and we want to prepare them.
We have tools to our disposal as a power of power, and we hope that helps that help, but I have to ask,``But at the same time, it's going to protect it if, at the same time, active or passively, are we educating our children to keep their male power?
I mean, I think Netflix's list is a way to do something really important, and I mean mostly the parents.
I think we need to show our children a new definition of shoulder.
The definition of masculinity is radically changing.
You've read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the attack.
It's all changing.
When I asked my daughter what he was his favorite character of Star Wars, you know what he replied?
Obama.
Obama Lenni and Linda.
So what are these two?
Maybe it's not just bright dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that know more than anybody, and they love sharing their knowledge with other people to help them reach their potential.
They are leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories to tell my son: Go and fight just and more stories where his job is to join a team, maybe a team led by women, helping other people improve and be better people, like the Wizard of Oz.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine and one of the things that I liked most was to look for sea cookies on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that that would give me lucky.
But you know, it's hard to find these shells.
They're covered from sand, and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I used to look for them.
I started to see shapes and patterns that helped me to collect them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for past and archeology.
And finally when I started studying Egyptian, I realized that seeing with my own eyes was not enough.
Because suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of about 3,000 miles from length together to the Nile.
And my sea cookies had grown to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite imagery.
To try and make a map of the past, I knew I had to do otherwise.
I want to show you an example of how different we see when we use infrared.
This is a place in the eastern Delta of Egypt called Beijing.
And the place, in a simple view, seems to be brown, but when we use infrared, and we process it using false color, suddenly the place looks like bright pink.
What you're seeing are the real chemical changes of the landscape caused by building materials and the activities of the ancient Egyptians.
I want to share with you how we've used satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city, called Isaac, lost for thousands of years.
Italian was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in El Faith, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
Egyptians have always known that Itah was located somewhere close to the pyramids of the two kings that built them, indicated within the red circles here, but somewhere within this enormous aluminum plant.
This area is enormous, it's about six for 400 miles.
Before, the Nile silk right next to Italian, and as he changed over time, he moved into this and covered the whole city.
So how do you find a city bury in an extensive landscape?
Trying to find it in random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a haystack, with the eyes sold and using baseball gloves.
So, we use NASA tragedy data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We could see where the Nile flows.
But you can see more deliberately, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area you see inside the circle here, that we think could be the location of Itah.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing sample jobs; you can see it here.
When I say a show, it's like a sample sample, but instead of climate change, we're looking for layers of human occupation.
Five feet below, under a thick thick layer, we find a dense layer of economic objects.
This means that in this possible location of Isaac, five feet below, we have a layer of occupation of several hundreds of years that date from the Middle Empire, exactly the same period that we believe is Isaac.
We also found fishing jobs, coral, quartz and cat, which shows that there was a jewelry shop there.
This might seem that it's not a lot, but when we think about the most common stones used in the Middle Empire jewelry, these are the stones that were used.
So, we have a dense layer of occupation that's from the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence from a elite jewelry shop that shows that what's been there, it was a very important city.
We don't find Isaac here yet, but we'll go back to the place in a near future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can actually perform great discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire, probably he was written in Italian 4,000 years ago.
sharing knowledge is the largest of all the vacation.
There's nothing like that on Earth.
So according to, TED was not founded in 1984.
I made ideas happen really started in 1984 -- C in a lost city not for a long time and found from the high.
It certainly puts the search of marine shells in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine out, in front of the door of this house.
I'd like you to pay attention to the color of the door, the material that it's made.
Now you visualize a group of obese knots in bicycle.
They're competing in a cloud of bicycles, and they're going to address their front door.
I need you to see this really.
They're heavy, they're sweating, they're jumping a lot.
And they collide against the door of their house.
There are bicycles flying everywhere, wheels that go on the side, rivers from the wheels that end up in absurd places.
To the foyer, to the hallway, or what's going on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light, the light shines on the monster of the crackers.
He's waving them with hand.
From his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse that speaks.
You can feel your blue pen making them tickle in your nose.
You can smell the oats' cookie, and you're about to get into the mouth.
You walk on the side and train your living room.
In the room, and doing maximum use of your imagination, imagine Britney Spears.
It's with a little bit of clothes, dancing on his center of center, singing``Hitler My More More More . ''
Now let me get to the kitchen.
The ground has been coated with a yellow brick path, and from the oven they come to you Dorothy, the Hair of Holiness, the Sparents and the Len of``The Wizard of Oz ,"shown from hands, jumping into you.
Okay . Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes every spring in New York.
It's called the United States Machine.
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting, I guess, that this was like the end of a supply of flavor.
There were several men and a few ladies of different ages and different hygiene habits.
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers, looking at them alone.
memorize the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
Memorable entire poems in just minutes.
And they compete to see who I could memorize with more quickly the order of a banana deck.
And I thought,``This is amazing . ''
These people must be phenomenon of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This one is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England and has one of the best trained memories.
I said,``Ed, when do you realize you were a wise? ''
Ed said,``I'm not a wise . .
Actually, I have an average memory.
Everybody who's participating from this competition say they have normal memory.
\" We've trained ourselves to perform these miraculous acts of memory using some ancient techniques, invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that City used to memorize their speech, and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books . ''
And my reaction was,``Wow . How did I not hear about this before? ''
We were standing out of the room of competition, and Ed, who's a wonderful and brilliant English, although a little bit excellent, said,``Josh, you're an American journalist.
Do you know Britney Spears? ''
And I said,``What? No, why?
\" Because I'd like to teach Britney Spectrum how to memorize order in a barrier of nails in living, in national television.
That will prove the world that anybody can do it . ''
And I said,``Well, I'm not British Spears, but maybe you can teach me.
I mean, you have to start by something? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year not just training my memory, but also researching, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what its potential can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called E.
He's massive, so probably with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that he had a memory problem; it's awesome.
Someone incredibly tragic, but it was a window that allows us to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
In the other end of the spectrum, I met this man.
This is Kim Peter . He was based on the role of Dusty Hoffman in the movie``Rain Man ."movie.
We spent a afternoon together in the Salt Lake City public library, memorizing telephone books; it was blind.
And when you go back, you have a number of treaties about the memory written about 2,000 years ago in Latin, in Antarctica and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having trained, disciplined, cultured memory was not such a rare thing as it can look like today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, in providing their minds.
These techniques have made possible our modern world, but they've also changed us.
They've changed us culturally, and I would say that they have changed us as well.
As we almost don't have need to remember, sometimes it looks like we've forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where you're still passionate about this idea of a trained memory, disciplined and cultured is this very unique competition of memory.
It's actually not so unique; there are competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated, I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers at London College invited a group of memory champions, to the lab.
Would you want to know: Is it that it has brains in some way, structure or actively different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they smarter than the rest?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
And yet, a really interesting and meaningful difference between the brains of the memory champions and the control subjects that they shared them.
When they put them into a magnetic resonance machine, they scanned their brains as they memorized numbers, faces and forms of snow snowflakes . They found that in memory camps, they lit parts of the brain, different than others.
In effect they used, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves space memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
The tournament of competitive memory is driven as an armed race where every year is coming up with a new way to remember more things, faster, and then the rest of competitors should be put on the day.
This is my friend Ben Primate, three times of memory.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 barriers of nasty cards that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented, and only he mastered.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 140 random binary digits.
In half an hour . Yes.
And while there's a lot of ways to remember things in these competitions, absolutely all of the techniques used at the end of a single concept that psychologists call``elaborate coding . ''
It's illustrated with an elegant paradox known as the paradox``Barbara . ''
That's your appetite.
And then I ask you,``Remember there's a baby . ''
And when I come back later, and I ask you,``Remember that word I told you a while? ''
\" Remember what was it? ''
The person who was told that his name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word as the person who said his job is``shelter . ''
Same word, different capability of memory; that's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the Babylon name, it doesn't really mean anything for you.
With all the other memories they dance on their head.
But the word,``baby . ''
They use symphoning white hats.
They have flour in the hands.
They smell good when they go home to work.
We probably know some baker.
And when we heard that word for the first time, we started putting some of the active inputs to fish them easily at some point.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this is 2,500 years ago in the ancient Greece.
It's known as the``memory Palace . ''
The story goes like this: There was a poet called Similar to attend a banker.
They had hired it as entertainment, because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, you didn't get to a DJ, you hired a poet.
He stood up, he raised his memory poem, and he marched, and so soon she went, the bank room collapsed.
Taking them all.
But not just killed all of them, but I broke the bodies leaving them wrong.
Nobody could say who was there, no one could remember where they were sitting.
So you couldn't be able to understand the bodies.
A tragedy behind the other.
Similarities, standing outside, only survivor, in the middle of the rubble, closed his eyes and realized that with his minds of mind, I could see where he had been sitting in the invention.
I took the families in the hand by taking them where their loved ones were in the rubble.
What you're going to warn at that moment is something that we all know about intuitively, and that is that no matter if we're not good to remember names or phone numbers or instructions of our colleagues, we have visual memory and exceptional space.
If you asked them to get the first 10 words of the story I just told you about Symichstone, it's very likely that it's very difficult to do that.
But I would bet that if you ask them to say who was sitting on the horse standing brown in their lobby, they would be able to visualize it.
The idea of the memory palace is to create this building with the eyes of your mind, and you can put them out of images with the things that you want to remember . The more crazy, crazy, funny, sweet, sweet, is the image, more unforgettable.
This is a advice that comes over 2,000 years ago, the first memory treatments, Latin.
And how does it work?
Let's say you've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk, and they want to make it a memory, the same way that Cicero had done if you had invited TEDx 2,000 years ago.
What you might do is imagine you're on the door of your house.
And to try some kind of an absolutely ridiculous, crazy and unforgettable image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely instant competition.
And then you can imagine coming into your house, and you can see the monster of the crackers on Mister Ed.
And that would remind you that you want to introduce your friend Ed Cook.
And then you'll see Britney Spears to remind you that funny anecdote that you want to count.
And then they went into the kitchen, and the fourth theme that they would talk about would be that strange journey that they did for a whole year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how the Roman speakers memorize their speeches, not word for word, that will confuse them, but typical.
In fact, the term``typical"comes from the Greek``top ,"which means``place . ''
It's a dress of when people thought about the orphanage and the rhetoric with this kind of space term.
The phrase``first ,"it would be like the first place in its memory palazzo.
I saw this was just fascinating, and I got back on that.
I went to some of these memory competitions, and I had the idea of writing something that was extensive about this competitive membership subculture.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a patiently boring event.
Seriously, it's like looking at a lot of people sitting taking tests . I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is massage.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are incredible things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put me in place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat to the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an ancient school child bought in a pigeon market.
And I discovered that this was surprisingly entertaining.
I'd ever expected it to be.
It was entertaining, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What it's really about doing is to improve more and more about the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, comics, provocative, instincts, absurd and ugly hopefully in the eye of mind.
I'm quite hooked with this.
This is me, using my standard training team for memory competition.
It's a couple of streets and some security glasses covered with tape by leaving just two holes, because distraction is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
I ended up coming back to the same competition that I had covered a year before, I had the idea that I could enter, in a kind of participatory journalism experiment.
I thought this could be good for my whole research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the contest, something that didn't have to happen.
Of course it's cute to be able to memorize speeches, and phone numbers, and shopping lists, but actually this is not the point.
And these are just tricks.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And it's not necessary to be built to build memory sticks or memorize bars of cards, to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it was an innate gift, but it's not the case.
Big memories are educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we focused deeply.
The memory palace -- these memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even real shortcuts.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep processing, a whole kind of attention that most people don't have to exercise around.
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts.
That's how things are made.
And if there's something I want to leave you today, it's what E.O, the malaria I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, let me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose what's already our short existence by losing in the Blackberries or iPhones, not paying attention to the human being in front of us, who walks on our side . Are we going to be so helling that we don't even bother ourselves in deep?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you must be the kind of person you remember.
Thank you.
Today I'm going to talk to you about the last 30 years of the history of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex issue, so we'll just address a complex place: New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm at night Jersey, I was six years old and I lived there at my parents' house in a village called Liberians, and this was my child bedroom.
In the corner, from my bedroom, was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And, between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a balcony that gave the living room.
And there they all spent the time watching the TV . So every time I went from my room to the bathroom, everyone saw me . And every time I shower me and I went back into a towel, everybody saw me.
And I was like that.
It was awkward, insecure and hated it.
I hated that journey, hated that balcony, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
Ready.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about mathematics, or division of zones, but from those visceral, emotional connections that we feel in the places that we occupy.
And it's not surprising that we sit in that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency, Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof.
I mean , 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways that we don't even realize.
That makes us a little bit naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what it is to do: they think``power ,"`` stability"and``democracy . ''
And I know that you think about it as a building in a building , 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's an accident that architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection; we've used this trick for a long, long time.
We used it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century in America, we use it to build houses.
Look, these stable, solid soldiers, in front of the sea, removed from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
The people who build, the urbanization and the governments, are always afraid of innovation, and they prefer to use shapes that they know they're going to work.
That's why we find buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Living Public Library that was done in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a dome; it has this round, columns, red brick, that let us interview what Linus tries to communicate with this building: children, property values, history.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, there was another library, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media in the digital era.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet, read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both called libraries, are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works on the beginning of the pendulum.
On one side is innovation; architects that constantly drive new technologies, new technologists, new solutions for the current life forms.
We drive, we push and push so much, that we completely removed people.
All black, this depressed us . You believe that we feel very well, but we're dead inside because we don't have another option.
We have to go to the other side and go back to those appropriate symbols.
So we do that, and we're all happy, but we feel like traitor, so we start to experience again; we're going to sacrifice the pendulum back, over and over again, we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course it's in the last 30 years.
Well , 30 years ago we went out of the 1970s.
The architects were busy experimenting with so-called brands.
It has to do with the ant.
That can be guess.
Small windows, in deceased scale.
Something really hard.
So we got closer to the 1980s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
Let's push the pendulum back in the other direction.
We take those forms that we know we like and update them.
We add together and we added cake and we use new materials.
They love it.
We don't give the abuse.
We take Christian closet and convert them into skyscrapers, which can be medieval managers made of glass.
The shapes were added, they won in audacity and colorful.
The wings became columns.
The swan grew up to the size of buildings.
A madness.
But it was 80, that was great.
We all spent the time in commercial centers, we move to the neighborhoods, and there in the suburbs, we can create our own architectural fantasies.
Those fantasies could be to the Mediterranean, to the French, or the Italian.
It's possible with a symphony of bread sticks.
This is what happens to the police.
This is what happens with symbols.
They're easy, they are cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we remember memories of other places.
I know very well, and all of you know, this is not the Tuscany.
This is Ohio.
Architects feel frustrated, and we start making the pendulum again in the other direction.
In the 1980s, in the early '90s, we started experimenting with the so-called consumerism.
We're going to take the historical symbols; now we count with new computer design techniques, and we find new compositions -- some ways that are crashing against other forms.
This is academic and biodiversity, and it's super implant; you are totally excluded.
Normally, the dark pendulum again in opposite direction.
But then something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building was opened.
It's the Gilbbra of Bilbao, from Frank Gehry.
This building fundamentally changed the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Google said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critical, academics and public in general, were completely according to a building.
The New York Times newspaper, the New York Times.
The tourism in Bilbao increased by 2,500 percent when the building ended.
So all of a sudden, everybody wanted one of those buildings: Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Spring.
Everyone wanted one, and Gehry was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these forms, wild and radical, how is it possible to become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because the media was galvanized around them and quickly learned that those forms mean culture and tourism.
We've created an emotional reaction with these shapes.
The same thing did the main mayors of the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these shapes, they had culture and tourism.
This phenomenon of the beginning of the new millennium happened with other star architects.
I happened to Z and Liberia, and what happened with these few elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually started to happen with all architecture . The digital media started to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think, for example, how do you consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, you would have to have walked up to the next town to see a building.
The transportation is accelerating: you can take a ship, an airplane, you can be tourists.
The technology accelerates . You can see in the newspapers, on the TV, and at the end, we are all architecture photographer, and the building is transported beyond its physical location.
Architecture is everywhere now; that means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It's not a long time to think about a building.
It takes a long time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 more buildings, before you know if the one I designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there has never been good feedback in architecture.
That's how we find buildings like this.
The brutality was not a two-year-old movement, but 20 years old.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they stopped them.
That's never going to happen again . I think, because we're in the threshold of the largest revolution in architecture from the invention of concrete, steel or elevator, and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when you apply to media to media, it starts to swing faster and faster, until you get in both of them almost in simultaneous, and it's effectively drawn the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, architects, and you, the audience.
Now we can make almost instant symbols, with emotional charge, completely new.
I'll show you how the system works in a project that my company ended recently.
We were hired to replace this building that was embedded.
This is the center of a village called Pennsylvania in the state of New York.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant that two years before the building was finished, it was already part of the community, and like drawings looked exactly the end product, there were no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community . That first summer, when people started coming and shared it in social media, the building stopped being a building, it became a media, because these are not just images of a building, it's the images that you made from the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, you become part of the personal narrative, and that makes you corruption with collective memory, and when you charge these symbols, we learn.
That is, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell each other what we think about architecture, because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and the buildings.
Think about a second in those Linux libraries.
If that building is built today, first we go to the Internet in search of new libraries.
We would be bombarded with examples of experimentation, of innovation, about what a library can be.
That's ammunition.
ammunition that you can take the mayor of Linux, to the people of Linux, and tell you that there's no unique response to what a library can be today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives freedom.
Everything is different now.
Architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use great words and complicated drawings, and you're no longer a devastating audience that doesn't accept something that I haven't seen before.
Architects can listen, and you don't let it be interested by architecture.
That means that the unconscious pendulum from one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find solutions right to the problems that face society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that tomorrow buildings will be very different from today's buildings.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Seva can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red bricks based on ideas of what a stadium should be.
This means that some robots will be able to build our buildings, because we will finally be ready for the shapes that are going to produce.
That means that buildings are taking care of nature's capitalism and not contrary.
This means that a parking parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or yoga, or even you can marry there at night.
This means that three architects can dream with swimming at the East River in New York, and raising half a million dollars from the community together around that cause, it's no longer a customer.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little pavilion of breasts, as muscle and friendly as the animals that are going to observe.
Because no matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
Architects already know how to make more ecological, more intelligent and more friendly buildings.
We've been waiting for all of you.
Finally, we're not on opposite sides.
Find an architect, focus it and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of play.
Buildings not only reflect our society, but they shape it to the smallest spaces: the local libraries, the homes where we form our children, and the step of the bedroom to the bathroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Steve.
He just turned a year and started walking.
And it does it in that great, typical way of a year's typical, shaking, as if his body was moving too fast for his legs.
It's totally precious.
And one of the things that you like to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflection.
It goes and squeaks, and it gives themselves those big and wet kisses.
It's beautiful.
Apparently, all his friends do this, and my mom tells me I used to do this, and he made me think,``When do we do this? ''
How is it that suddenly we are not about our appearance?
Because, apparently, we don't like it.
Every month , 10,000 people are looking for Google:``Am I ugly? ''
This is F, it's 13 years old and lives in Denver.
And as any teenager, it just wants to be loved and fit.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for next week in school.
It's got a little scary, it's a little confused because, even though his mom tells him all the time it's beautiful, every day in school, someone tells you it's ugly.
What his mom says, and what his friends, or school partners say, don't know who believe.
So it makes a video of herself, I post it on YouTube, and ask others to please leave a comment,``Am I a nice or ugly? ''
Well, so far, Steve has received over 13,000 comments.
Some of these are so nasty, that it doesn't even deserve the pity to think about them.
We talk about a healthy, normal and current teenager, who gets these answers on one of the most vulnerable life.
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this, mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what is it taking them to do this?
Well, today's teenagers are almost never alone.
They're under pressure of being online and available all the time, talking, chatting, giving``I like ,"by eating, sharing, publishing, this is never finished.
We've never been so connected before, in a continuous way, so young.
As a mother said to me,``It's like there's a party in your room every night . ''
There's just no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from hand with that are relentless.
This environment, to be always connected, is embracing our children to advertise based on the number of``I like"that they have and the kinds of comments that they get.
There is no divide between life online and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what is real or what it is not.
And also, it's very difficult to know the difference between what is authentic and what is manipulated digitally.
What is the most scary thing in someone's life in front of what is normal in a daily context?
And where are they looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are cover of girls's news now.
Zero models continue to dominate our passengers.
The technical technique is now a routine.
And trends like: spirit, freezing, biodiversity and.
For those of you who know it, it means prototyping.
These trends are associated with women in the popular culture of today.
It's not hard to see what young people are.
But kids are not immune to this.
Like the superheroes of sports, and the remains of the spring.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, we certainly want our children to grow healthy and be well-being individuals.
But in a culture obsessed with the image, we're teaching our children to devote more time and mental effort to their appearance, at the price of all the other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical capacities, their studies and other aspects begin to suffer.
Six out of 10 girls prefer to do something because they think they don't look enough enough.
These are not trivial activity.
They are fundamental activities for their growth as human beings and as a contributor to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in classrooms . They avoid to participate in classrooms, because they don't want to call attention for their physical aspect.
One in five are not going to class at all during days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the test season, if you don't think you see you enough enough, specifically if you don't think you're thin enough, you'll get a less note to the average of your peers who don't care about the appearance.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland, United States and China.
And it's irrespective of what actually weighs these young young people.
So, for it to be clear, we're talking about how you see, not how you're really.
The low self-esteem on your body is replacing academic performance.
And it's also damaging health.
The adolescents with the self-esteem are doing less physical activity, they eat less fruit and vegetables, participate in more harmful diet than they can take them to a food disorder.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people around them and they are at greater risk of depression.
And we think that's all the way that they make more risky decisions, like alcohol and drug consumption, dramatic surgery, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships to early age and without protection and discussing damage.
The pursuit of the perfect body is pushing the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe they have overweight, regardless of whether or not they have greater rates of absence.
17 percent of women don't introduce a job interview in a day that they don't feel secure with the way they look.
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity be?
To release this potential is of interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, speaking, alone, doesn't take you very far.
No.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms . The first is that we have to instill trust in their own body.
We need to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are lots of programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that many well-intentioned programs, without realizing, worse the situation.
So we need to make sure that the program that we follow our children will not only have a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas . The first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are crucial parties for any willing to provide an education in body self-worth that works.
An education is fundamental, but facing this problem requires every one of us to take the challenges on the issue, and we're a better model to follow for women and girls in our own lives.
challenging the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to count with the contribution of our politicians, or the size of your chest, or to insist that determination or success of a Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a big beauty.
We need to start judge people for what they are, not as they look.
All of us can start by doing it by doing the responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we publish in our social networks.
We can choose people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you: When was the last time you had a mirror?
In short, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as companies, to truly change our culture, so that our children grow up by valuing their whole person, valuing individuality, diversity, inclusion.
We need to put people who are actually making the difference in a pedestal.
To make a difference in the real world, let's make them the ones that come out in the big screen because we just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they believe that they're never seen by people who are, or what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who have in mind?
Is his wife?
Is his sister?
Your daughter?
Is it your niece? Your friend?
It could just be the woman who's two seats of distance -- what would it mean for her if it was released from that automatic voice inside, that I was terrified by not having long legs, more thin, a more flat, more flat, feet?
What would it mean for her if we did this, and we would say it fixed its potential in that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is giving us all.
But let's teach our children the truth.
Let me show you the way you see you is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and what they do, and as they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk and compare with other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the little trips of a year age, they become a safe change agents of themselves tomorrow.
Let's do it.
On November 5 , 1990, a gentleman named EP North entering a hotel in Manhattan and murder to the Mirosa Kaya rabbi, the leader of Defense Jewish.
Now, they initially declared it innocent, but being possessed by other fewer charges, in company of others, started planning attacks to about 12 icons in New York, including tunnels, synagogues and the United Nations headquarters.
Luckily those plans were frustrated by an FBI informant.
Sadly, the 1993 bomb in the World Trade Center could not be avoided.
It would later be convicted by his participation in that settlement.
Either Norman is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being he an Egyptian engineer, with a lovely American mother, primary school teacher, between the two did all the possible for giving me a happy childhood.
Only when I was seven, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, that very few, including most Muslims, they get to know.
For experience, I saw that when people take time to interact, it doesn't require a lot to make the same things in life.
However, in all religion, in every human group, there is always a little fraction of people who are so highly clinging to their convictions that think you have to use all the media possible for everyone to live like them.
A few months before the arrest he sat with me, and explained to me that in the last weekend, he and some friends, they had been going to track training in Long Island, to practice.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We came to the College Tired Portal that, without knowing our group, was served by the FBI.
When I played to throw my father, my father helped me hold the rifle in the shoulder and explained to me how to aim the target at about 30 feet.
That day, with the last bullet I gave to the little orange light on the target, and for the surprise of all of us, the whole goal was in the flames.
My uncle went back to the others and in Arabic, said``Abi Abu . ''
From such father, such a child.
In all, the comment made a lot of laughter, but only a few years later I understood what they were so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted to put a run with 700 pounds of explosives in the underground parking of the northern tower of the World Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and hurting another 1,000.
I admired those men.
I called them``love ,"which means.
When I turned 19, I had moved 20 times, that instability during my childhood didn't allow me to do a lot of friendships.
Every time I started feeling comfortable near somebody already, it was time to packing and going to another city.
As I was always, I was the new face of the class with frequency.
Conservation secret my identity to avoid being the white, but to be the new of the class, silence and regret, was enough.
So most of the time I was going to read books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons, I didn't develop social skills, to say it gently, to grow under family, was not prepared for the real world.
I was educated to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators, like their race or their religion.
So how could I open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that put out my thinking was during the presidential election of 2000.
In a professional program that I participated in the juvenile National Convention in Philadelphia.
My group was focused on the subject of juvenile violence, as I had been a victim victim almost all my life, it was something that I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from different backgrounds.
One day, at the end of the convention, I discovered that one of the guys who had done friendship was Jewish.
He took several days to go to light this detail, and I realized that there was no animates between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend before, and frankly felt really proud to have been able to beat the barrier that all of life had been made to believe that it was outrageous.
Another crucial moment emerged when I got a summer job in Bush Garden, a amusement park.
I met people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures, that experience turned out to be fundamental in the development of my character.
All of life was taught me that homosexuality was a sin, and for extension, all the homosexuality was bad influences.
By the way, I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most friendly and less critical ones I'd ever seen in life.
Having been accused of a child, I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat nice people, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
And so I was able to hire the stereotypes that had taught me as a child, with the experience of the interaction in real life.
I don't know what that is to be gay, but I know what is being judged by something beyond my control.
Then came the``Daily Show . ''
Every night, Jon Stewart became intellectually honest to my intolerance, and it helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways, he became my patent figure at a time that I was desperately getting.
In occasion, inspiration can come from unexpected, and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father, extremists, was not in vain.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking, and she told me something that was going to be in my heart forever, while he's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes tired of someone who has suffered enough with endless dogmas and said,``I'm tired of hate . ''
At that point, I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all that hatred inside.
My real name is not Z Brazil.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why do I decided to go out and put me in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope somebody, who is trying to lead to violence, can hear my story and understand that there's a better path, that even though I was convicted to this violent and unstable ideology, I didn't get to make me fantastic.
Conversely, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against prejudice.
I do it by the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones . For the terrible pain and the loss that terrorism has produced them in their lives.
For the victims of terrorism, I'm going to talk about, as a rejection to my father's actions.
With this simple, I'm here as a proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that children don't have to follow their parents.
I'm not my father . .
Thank you . Thank you all . Thank you . Thank you very much.
At this point there is a film that's projected in their minds.
It's an amazing multiple film.
It's 3D, and it's got surgery of what you hear and see right now . But that's just the beginning.
Your film has harmony, taste and texture.
It feels your body, your pain, your hunger, your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, like moments of your childhood who projected to your eyes.
And it has constantly a voice superimposed in your conscious thinking stream.
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything in direct.
This film is your flow of consciousness, the subject of the experience of mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the human being.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal, you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know I have a consciousness.
I have no certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't conscious, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time, it's the most mysterious phenomenon of the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal movies?
Why aren't we just robots that we get to produce results without experiencing the internal movie?
At this point, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate awareness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
Science, by nature, is objective.
Consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost the entire 20th century, it predicts that vision.
psychology was studying the behavioral behavior, the neuroscience studied the brain obviously, but no one mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there was very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
After 20 years ago, it all started to change.
neuroscientists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Pennsylvania said,``Now is time for science to address consciousness . ''
And since then, there was a real explosion, a flourishing of scientific work about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic . It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations until the moment.
The center of consciousness science in recent years was the pursuit of correlations, correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kanzi presented a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a science of correlations.
It's not a science of explanations.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you that this kind of work in neuroscience answer some questions that we want to explain consciousness, and the questions about what's doing certain areas of the brain and what they correlate.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
without offend neuroscientists.
Actually, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
Now, I don't address the real central mystery of this matter: why is that all physical process in the brain have to be accompanied by consciousness?
Why is there a subjective internal film?
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give them a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like the emotions, like humanitarians, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical emergence is all of these emerging behaviors, how the emotions operate, how the hurricane works, how they reproduce, they adapt and metabolizing living organisms, all of them are questions about the objective function.
That could apply to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon: how we walk, how we talk, how we play chess; all of these are questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, the questions about behavior are among the easy problems.
But the hard problem, is the question of why is that all behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here it is, the standard paradigm of emergence, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, doesn't really have a lot to say.
I'm a heart material.
I want a scientific theory of the supply that works . for a long time, I hit my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in physical terms that would work.
But at the end, I got to the conclusion that that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we're standing at this point.
We have a chain of wonderful, cool explanations . We're used to this; physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are conscious.
On the other hand, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think consciousness, right now, is kind of a anomaly, something that we need to integrate to our worldview, but we don't know how.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas . I think we need ideas that at first seem crazy, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one.
Their crazy idea is that there is no such difficult problem for consciousness.
The whole idea of the inner subjective film includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you need to do, is to explain the objective functions, the behaviors of the brain, and that's what you need explanation.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductionist, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to just denial that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I'm in a different direction.
In the time that remains, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental.
The physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks: space, time and mass.
They run fundamental laws that governments, like gravity laws or quantum mechanics.
These fundamental properties and properties don't explain in terms of nothing more basic.
Instead, they're considered fundamental, and that's where the world is built.
Sometimes, the list of the fundamental thing is grown.
In the 19th century, Maxwell discovered that you can't explain electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental presidential concepts, space, time, mass, Newton laws, so I put the basic laws of electromagnetism, and I put the electric charge as a fundamental concept that those laws govern.
I think that's the situation that we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental questions, space, time, mass, load, then for logic, you have to turn the list.
The most natural thing would be to touch awareness itself as a fundamental, fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that all of a sudden is the object of science.
It opens the way to handle it scientifically.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts: space, time, mass, physical processes.
physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws so simple that we can put them into a memory.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws that we can take on a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws they are, but that's what we're looking for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called panographic:``bread"for everyone,``psychologist"by mind, every system is conscious, not only humans, dogs, mice, mice, even the microbes of Rob Knight, the elementary particles.
Even a photon has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are smart or thinking.
It's not that a photon can be filled with anguish when he thinks,``Oh, always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never slow down and smell the pink . ''
No, no.
But the thought is that perhaps photons can have some element of raw, subjective feeling, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little crazy for you.
How do anybody think so crazy?
Some of this comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental, like space, time and mass, is natural to assume that it can also be universal, like others.
It's also worth noticing that although the idea seems illegal, it's much less for people of different cultures, where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and most powerful way to find fundamental laws that relate to the thinking with the physical process, is to link awareness with information.
Whenever there is information processing, there is consciousness.
complex information processing, like a human being, complex consciousness.
Simple information processing, simple awareness.
Something very exciting is that in the recent years a neuroscientist, Gilamara Tong, took this kind of theory and development with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information integration, which is called Philad, which measures the degree of information integrated in a system.
And it's supposed to have to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible high degree of information integration, a high degree of H, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is an average degree of information integration, very significant, degree of pretty important consciousness.
But when you get to the worms, microbes, particles, the chicken degree goes.
The level of information integration is less, but it's not zero either.
In Tony's theory, there will still be a different level of different awareness.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness, high degree of paleo, high degree of consciousness.
Also, another reason is that landscape can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world.
physicists and philosophers have often observed that physics is curiously abstract.
describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it doesn't talk to us about the reality that underlies under.
As Stephen Hawking explained,``Where does the fire of equations come from? ''
From passionate vision, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but you can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically, describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts fire in the equations.
In that vision, consciousness is not out of the physical world as a kind of additives.
It's right there in the center.
This vision, I think, the Pakistani vision, has the potential to transfer our relationship to nature, and can have very serious social and ethical consequences.
Some can be illogical.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that had consciousness, so I had to be vegetarian.
If you're a paper and accept that vision, you'll have a lot of hunger.
I think that thinking, well, this tends to transform your visions, whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral consideration, is not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the Samantha artificial intelligence system in the movie``Hey ,"?
Is it conscious?
According to the vision of Pakistan information, she has a complicated information processing, integrated, so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, it's very serious ethical problems about the ethics of developing systems of intelligent computer systems and ethics to turn them off.
Finally, you can ask for the awareness of full collective, the planet.
Can Canada have its own consciousness?
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience in a TED Talk . Right now we have a TED collective awareness, an internal film for this whole TED group, different from the inner movies of each of the parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that should be serious.
So this visitation is a radical view, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer in the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing, that the second, that it's universal.
The vision raises lots of questions, many challenges, like, how those thinking bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex awareness we know and we love.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we go through the right path towards a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, this is probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait for it overnight.
But I think we're finally going to find it.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural town in Victoria.
He had a very normal profile, a low education profile.
I went to school, I joined my friends, I was fighting my younger sisters.
It was all very normal.
And when I was 15, a member of my community came up to my parents because I wanted to name for a community prize.
And my parents said,``Well, that's very nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She's actually done nothing ."And they were right.
I went to school, I had good notes . After school, I had a low profile on my mother's hair, and I spent a lot of time looking at``Buffett Shark"and``Damon's Creek . ''
Yes, I know . What contradiction.
But they were right.
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take the disability out of the equation.
Years later, being in the second part of the teaching at a high school in Melbourne, just after about 20 minutes in the 11 minutes of legal studies, a guy raised his hand and said,``Hey, when will you give you your speech? ''
And I said,``What about? ''
Well, I had been talking about the law of diarrhea for a good 20 minutes.
And he said,``You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair, they talk about inspiration things in school? ''
\" Usually, in the acts room . ''
And then when I realized, this kid had had experiences with people with disabilities as objects of inspiration.
And we're not, and it's not the fault of the guy, that is true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our manuscripts.
We're not real people . We're there to inspire.
And in fact, I'm on this stage by looking at what I do in this wheelchair, and you probably are waiting for them to inspire them . Right? Yes.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid I'm sorry to disappoint you.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that they've lied us to disability.
Yes, you've sold us the lie that disability is a bad thing, A math, M capital.
It's a bad thing to live with a disability, and it makes you remarkable.
It's not bad, and it doesn't make it except.
And in the last few years, we've been able to spread even more of this lie through social media.
You can have seen images like this:``The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one:``Your excuse is invited ."In effect.
Or this one:``Before leaving, Intel! ''
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one, the child without hands drawing with a pencil sustained by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who ran with optimistic fibers of carbon fiber.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the ultimate term deliberately, because they cost a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we set the disabilities in the benefit of people without disabilities.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, motivate them, so that we can see them and think,``Well, for very bad it is my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person . ''
But if you are that person?
I've lost the number of times that I've been looking at strangers, and I want to express that they believe that I am courageous or a source of inspiration, and this happens before my job had a public profile.
It was like I was happy to get up in the morning and remember my own name . And this is to make.
These images, those images, they mean people with disability of people without disability.
They're there so that you can see them and think things are not so bad for you, or to put their concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something difficult.
We got some things.
But the things we overcome are not the things that you can think of.
It's not relative to our bodies.
I use the term``disabled people ,"deliberately because I'm surprised to call the social model of disability, which tells us that we are more disabled because of society that we live in our bodies or diagnostics.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very close to him.
It does the things that I need to do, and I've learned how to get the best of your ability as you as you do, and that's what happens with the kids of those photos as well.
They're not doing anything out of the common.
They're just using their bodies taking the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to tell them in the way that we do, by sharing those images?
When people say,``You're a source of inspiration ,"says it as a compliment.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of lying, because they've sold us this lie that disability makes us exceptional.
And honestly, it doesn't do it.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here blocking inspiration, and you think,``For God, Steve, you're not sometimes inspired by something? ''
And actually, I know I'm.
Learning from other people with disability at all time.
However, not learning that I'm more lucky than them.
Learning that this is a great idea to use some barber paintings to pick up the things that are falling on me, and I learn the ingenious trick of how to charge the mobile phone battery on the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the force and resistance of others, not against our bodies and our diagnostics, but against a world that exceptions and makes us costs.
I really believe that that lie that has sold us about disability is the biggest injustice.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote:``The only disability in life is a bad attitude ,"the reason that it is lies is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles in a row of stairs has never done that it becomes a ramp.
Never . smiling on a television screen won't make the subtitles appear for deaf people.
Nor a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and irritating a positive attitude to turn all those books into the braille.
It's just not going to happen.
I really want to live in a world where disability is not the exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl sitting in his bedroom watching``Buffetty Shakespeare"does not think of anything to be in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disability that we're happy to get up from bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the overall achievement of people with disability, and I want to live in a world where a 11 degree child at a high school in Melbourne is not quite surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair user.
disability doesn't make us except, but to question what you think you know about what you do.
Thank you.
What do you have to do the augmented reality and the professional football, with empathy?
And what is the average speed of a glass without charge?
Unfortunately, today just answer one of those questions, so please don't destroy.
When people think about augmented reality, they think of``Minority Report ,"and in Tom Cruise, doing the hands in the air, but the augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and will happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because the augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get to the augmented reality?
The first step, it's what I'm wearing: the Google Glass goggles.
I'm sure many of them are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that Google Glass is a device that lets them see what I see.
I'll let you experience what is to be a professional sport in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use the Google Glass, under a helmet and know what is run by the game field at 160 miles, the blood hitting their ears.
We can know that it feels like a 110 pounds man, trying to engage with all its selves.
I've been there and I assure you that it's nothing pleasant.
I bring some videos to show you what Google Glass is to use, and give you an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not pictures of the NFL practice, because the idea of the emerging technology of emerging technology is a submarine rising to the surface, but we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Kliber: Let's go.
It's horrible to be scary.
A moment . Let's take a little bit.
Ready?
Go!
Chris Khalin: As you can see, it's a probability of what is being attacked in the football field, from the perspective of the heel.
You'll notice that you lack people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, cut from the University of Washington.
Country Mariaro: Mice 54! Mice 54.
Blue 8: Blue 8! Go!
Chris Kaluary: This is a little more to the feeling of being in the field, but it has nothing to do with being in the NFL.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, to be their favorite players, and I've been asked on YouTube and Twitter:``You can see from the angle of a field of field.
Or?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with God and Google Glass, how do we get back? How do we take the next level?
We take it to that level using something called October Rift, which probably many of you know.
The October Rift has been described as the most realistic virtual reality device ever created, and it's not cheap.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video . .
Man: Oh, oh!!
No, no, no.
Oh my God! Ah!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain holding for his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we record a video of Adrian Peter crossing the line, getting out of a tattoo with the arm before we run and make an notation? What's the experience of a fan.
When I can be Mysore running through the shell, launching the ball on the bottom of the network, or federal doing a shop in Windows?
What are your experience when you go from a mountain to more than 100 miles as a Olympic skier?
Maybe you increase the sales of diapers for adults.
But this isn't really augmented.
It's just virtual reality, Rwanda.
How do we achieve augmented reality, RNA?
We will get the augmented reality when the coaches, the magnets and the owners see the information of what people want to see and think,``How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win parties? ''
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win . They give them money.
So here's a brief refresher on technology at NFL.
In 1965, the Maldives of Baltimore put a drink to their framework to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NFL placed radio in the helmet of the fields of the field and then in the defense.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2013, imagine that you're a player coming back to your group, and you see their next play in front of you, in a plastic visit that's wearing, you don't have to worry about forgetting a game . .
Or to memorize strategy.
They just go out to the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if they don't follow their instructions, they lose parties, and they hate to lose parties.
And if you lose parties, you're missing as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But the augmented reality is not just an improved strategy manual.
augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your game to play the party.
How would it be done?
Well, a very simple option would be to have a camera on every corner of the stadium having a view from the top of the people that are below.
You also get information from the hull sensors and the accelerometer, something that's already working.
And all that information is sent to your players.
Good teams will be sending it.
Bad people will have information overload.
This will differentiate the good teams of evil.
So, your computer team will be as important as your recruited, and data analysis will stop being just for nerds.
I'll be also for sports . Who would have imagined?
How would it be in the field?
Imagine that's the field of field.
You get the ball and you go back.
You're looking for an open receptor . All of a sudden, a flashlight on your left side of your bombsight, I'm showing you that a defense behind you will attack you . Usually, you wouldn't see it, but the R & D system.
You move into the protection area.
Another flashlight shows you there's an open receptor.
You launched the ball.
The ball loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land . However, the receiver sees in your visit an area of grass that lights up and can modify the career.
You squeeze, you catch the ball and run and your nose.
The audience goes up and the fans have followed the game from each angle.
This is something that creates a massive emotion on the party.
I'll make lots of people look at it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The augmented reality will be part of the sport because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is: we want this to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use it just as bread and circus, like our usual entertainment?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the augmented reality to foster empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally, to be in the other person's place.
We know what this technology is worth for sports.
It generates billions of revenue per year.
But how much is this technology worth for a teacher in the classroom trying to show an abuse how harmful their actions are from the perspective of the victim?
How much is this technology worth for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how it's being pursued?
How much is it worth for a Commandma Happiness or a Neil Department Tesla trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead of quarterly notes and Kazakhstan?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality comes up.
The questions we make, the decisions that we take and the challenges that we face, depend on, depend on us.
Thank you.
I was recently retired after 23 years of service at the High patrol of California.
Most of those 23 years old, I spent the southern end of Mary County, including the Golden Gates Bridge.
The bridge is an iconic structure, the mundane known for its beautiful views of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean, and its inspiring architectural style.
Unfortunately, it's also a magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Golden Gates Bridge was open in 1937.
Joseph Strauss, engineer chief, who was able to build the bridge, said that,``The bridge is practically a suicide test.
The suicide from the bridge is not practical or likely . ''
But from its openness, over 1,600 people have jumped to their death from that bridge.
Some people believe that traveling between the two towers will take them to another dimension, this bridge has been identified as such, so that the fall from him to release you from all your concerns and pain, and the waters that happen underneath your soul.
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After a drop of four to five seconds, the body hit the water about 120 miles per hour.
The impact breaks out the bones, some of which you can drill vital organs.
Most of them die in impact.
The ones that don't, usually they fall into the helpless water and then drowned.
I don't think that the ones that are contemplating this method of suicide realize the death of the death that they will face.
This is the cable.
Except around the two towers, there are 32 inches of parallel steel to the bridge.
This is where most people stand before taking their life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge, and at their darkest moment, it's very difficult to bring them back.
I took this picture last year while this young man was talking to an official controlled his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day to bring back on the railing.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We fought to channel the path through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who include suicide, but the officers also.
We've traveled a long way since then.
Today, veterans and psychologists train new officers.
This is Jason Garden.
I met it on July 22 last year by getting a call from a possible suicide subject sitting in the lamb near the center.
I answered, and when I arrived, I looked at Jason talking to an official from the Golden Gates Bridge.
Jason was only 32 years old, and I had flown up here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up to here twice before New Jersey to try to suicide from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason, he asked us if we knew the story of Pandora's box.
remembering the Greek mythology, Jeff created Pandora, and sent her to Earth with a box, and he said,``Never, you never open that box . ''
Well, one day, curiosity could be more than Pandora, and she opened the box.
From her they came out, penis, and all sorts of bad against man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us,``What if you open the box and no hope? ''
It stopped a few instincts, he leaned on the right, and it went.
This kind of nice and smart man in New Jersey had just taken life.
I talked to the parents of Jason that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family rabbi called me to see how it was.
Jason's parents had asked them.
The collateral damage of suicide affects a lot of people.
I ask you these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or someone loved it was suicide?
What would you say?
You know what to say?
In my experience, it doesn't just talk, but you have to listen.
To listen to understanding.
Don't argue, blame, or tell the person you know how it feels, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the point of inflection you need.
If you think that someone is suicide, you don't have fear of dealing with them and asking the question.
One of the way to ask them is,``Other in similar circumstances have thought about taking their life, have these thoughts? ''
Confronted the person in front of it can save life and be the inflection point for them.
Other signs to look for: despair, believe that things are terrible, and they're never going to be better; it impacts, to believe that there is nothing you can do about it; it's a recent social isolation; a lost of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple days ago, and I got an email of a lady and I'd like to read her letter.
She lost his son on January 19 this year, and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago, and it's with his permission and blessing that I read.
\" Hello, Kevin . I imagine you're at TED conference.
It must be an experience to be there.
I'm thinking I should go on the bridge this week.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends that tell their friends, etc.
I'm still pretty numb, but I'm noticing more moments to realize that Mike won't come home.
Mike was driving from Philadelphia to San Francisco to see the party of the 49 with his father 19th.
He never got there.
I called Peter's police, and I reported it as that night.
The next morning, two offices came to my house, and I was reported that Mike's car was down on the bridge.
A witness had seen it from the bridge at 1.5 of the last day.
Thank you very much for fighting those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves.
Who hasn't been before bad without suffering a real mental illness?
It shouldn't be so easy to end up with it.
My prayers are with you for your struggle.
Geographic, the Golden Gate Bridge has to be a passenger through our beautiful bay, not a cemetery.
Good luck this week, Victoria.
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and go the way that his son took that day, and also the value to go ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value.
On March 11 , 2005, responded to a radio call for a possible subject on the sidewalk of the bridge near the north tower.
I drove my motorcycle on the sidewalk and looked at this man, Kevin Berkeley, standing on the sidewalk.
When he saw me, he crossed the railing, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
For the following hour, I heard as Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided that day back to that lane and giving life another opportunity.
Kevin went back, happy.
\" This is a new beginning, a new life . ''
But I asked him,``What did it make you come back and give them hope and life another opportunity? ''
And you know what he told me?
He said,``You hear me.
You let me talk and just listen . ''
Shortly after that incident, I got a mother's mother from Kevin, and I have that letter with me, and I'd like to read you.
\" Dear Mr. Bragg, nothing will erase the events of March 11, and you are one of the reasons why Kevin goes on with us.
Honestly, I think Kevin was causing for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness that has been properly measured.
I adopted Kevin when I was only six months old, completely unconscious of all of those inherited traits, but thank God, we now know.
Kevin is in order, as he says.
We thank God for you.
Just in debt with you, storyteller Narrator . ''
And at the end, she writes,``PDF . When I visited San Francisco's General Hospital that night, you figure out how the patient.
\" Wow, I had to solve it! ''
Today, Kevin is an active father and an active member of society.
He speaks openly about the events of that day and their depression to hope that his story will inspire others.
suicide is not just something that I've found in the work.
It's personal.
My grandfather suicide with poison.
That act, despite finishing his own pain, was a chance to meet it.
This is what the suicide does.
For most people suicide, or those who consider suicide, they wouldn't think about landing another person.
They just want your own pain on.
Usually, this is achieved only in three ways: sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've responded, and I've been involved in hundreds of mental diseases and suicide calls around the bridge.
Of those incidents that I've been directly involved in, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason.
The other one was a man that I talked about about an hour.
During that time, I shook my hand in three times.
In the final performance, he looked at me, and he said,``Kevin, I'm sorry, but I have to go . ''
And it jumped.
Awful, absolutely horrible.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of people that we get to contact on that bridge don't suicide.
In addition, those few who have jumped out of the bridge and living and that you can talk about it, that one or two or two percent, most of those people have said that the second one, they've been saying that they've made a mistake and wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge doesn't only connect Mario with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that everyone and every one of us should be able to do.
The suicide can prevent.
There's help . There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you be what you're not, but in your interior you know what you are, and a question is, how do you become that?
I should be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone, in any way I'm alone.
When I became a model, I felt I had finally achieved the dream that I had had from a child.
My outside finally matched my inner truth, with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, I'm going to refer to you later, when I look at this picture, I think, you got the gene, you got it.
But last October, I discovered that, barely, I'm starting.
All of us get rid of our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of you have the courage to release, to get rid of the limitations of the color of the skin or the beliefs of around us.
These are people who always challenge the status quo, which is considered accepted.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agency even, ignored my story.
I think this puzzle is called epiphany.
This is mine.
I was recorded as``child"by birth because of the appearance of my genitals.
I remember my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I always carried this t-shirt on my head.
And my mom asked me,``Why do you always take that t-shirt in your head? ''
I said,``Mom, it's my hair . I'm a girl . ''
I knew how to address.
The gender has always been considered an unchanging fact, but now we know that, really, it's more complex and mysterious.
Because of my success, I never dare to share my story, not because I think it's going to be bad, but how the world is dealing with those of us who want to release.
Every day I appreciate being a woman.
I have mom, dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in Asia culture that celebrates gender mystery.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There's a Hindu goddess, the daughter goddess.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mysteries.
I was in front of the stage, and I remember that this beautiful woman appeared to me, and I remember that moment as if something would hit me, this is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I still wore of man, I met this woman called TV.
It's the principal of a transgender beauty competition.
That night she asked me,``Why aren't you involved in beauty competition? ''
He told me that if I participated she would get away from the inspiration and the costume, and that night, I won in a bathroom, won on a bowl suit, and was third of the end of over 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was inside the world of beauty.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was the beauty queen of transgender women, but I can.
I also met the disaster goddess, especially when we traveled to remote provinces from the Philippines.
But more importantly, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2001, my mom, who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they passed my plea from the green card that could go live to America.
I was resistant.
I told my mother,``Mommy, I'm fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty queen . ''
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said,``You know that if you move to the United States, you can change the name and the identity of gender? ''
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested that I put two``and"to my name.
She also accompanied me when I was operating in Thailand at 19 years.
It's curious that in some of Thailand rural cities, they perform the most prestigious, sophisticated and secure surgeries.
At that time in the United States, it was necessary to make surgery before we changed the name and the gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driving license with the name Gene and the``F"of female gender.
It was a great time.
For some people, their identity document means being able to drive or be able to get a suit, but for me it was the license to live, to feel worthy.
Suddenly, my fears were watched.
I felt I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and to be model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think of this woman from John Nets.
A young woman in New York who obviously lived his truth, but that, discovered, he put his life on.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All of November 20, we do a global surveillance by the Commonductive Day of the transgender.
I'm on this stage because of a long story of people who were fighting and stood up to injustice.
These are Marsha P. Johnson and Sylvia River.
Today, at this time, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone, and only for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame, no fear.
I'm here, exposing me, so that there are no more 25th surveillance.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Are you going to do this?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you . KT: Gene, a quick question.
Gene Rocket: Sure . See, first, thank you with all my blessings.
To my support network, my parents especially, to my family, which is very strong.
I remember all the times I've been attending young women, who I've heard, and sometimes when they call me and told me that their parents couldn't accept it . I took the phone, called my mom and said,``Mommy, can you call this woman? ''
Sometimes it worked, others not . It's just gender identity, that's what's at the center of what we are, right?
I mean, we're all assigned by a gender at birth, and what I'm trying to do is put on the table, the subject that sometimes that magnitude doesn't square, and that there should be a space that allowed people to identify, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The transgender movement is starting compared to the gay movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
I should have understood.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope you all be my allies.
KS: Thank you . Very nice . GG: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, parents usually know about their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known about their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Malawi started his campaign for education by defending his rights in 2007, and when their efforts had been killed in 2011, by focusing on the National Peace Prize, it became very famous, a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, it was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we look at the history of humanity, the history of women is the history of injustice, of inequality, of violence and exploitation.
You see, in patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when a child's born, his birth is not celebrated.
It's not welcome, not for his father, not for her mother.
The neighborhood comes, he gives its mother to the mother and no one happy to the father.
And a mother is overwhelmed by having a child.
When he gives birth to the first child, the first daughter, it gets sad.
When he gives birth to the second daughter, it's shocked, and with the hope of a son, when he absorbs his third daughter, it feels guilty as a criminal.
Not just mother suffer, but the daughter . The daughter was born, when it grows, it suffers as well.
At the age of five, when I should go to school, he stays at home and school admit his siblings.
Up to the age of 12, somehow, it has a good life.
You can be fun.
You can play with your friends on the street, and you can move through the streets as a butterfly.
But when it comes into adolescence, when it gets 13 years old, he's banned to go out of his house without a male machine.
It's confined to the four walls of his house.
It's no longer a free person.
It becomes the honor of his father's honor and brothers and his family, and if it transmitted the code of that honor assumption, I could even kill it.
And it's interesting that this assumption of honor, not only is the life of a girl's lives, also affects the life of male male members.
So this brother, the joy of his life and the happiness of their sisters in the name of the honor . .
And there's one more norm of patriarchal societies that is called the obedience.
A good girl is supposed to be very quiet, very humble and very sum.
It's the criteria.
The model of a good girl must be quiet.
It's supposed to be silent and accept the decisions of your father and your mother and the decisions of the elderly, even if you don't want.
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like, or if you marry it with an old man, you have to accept it, because it doesn't want to be detailed of designer.
If you get very young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, they will call it defensive.
And what happens at the end?
In words of a poet,``The married, they love it, and then give birth to more children and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, including the same lesson of obesity to her daughter and the same lesson of honor to his children.
And this vicious circle continues and continues.
I wanted brothers and sisters, when Malaysia was born, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like the newborns, to be honest, but when I was there and looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt extremely honored.
And a lot before I was born, I thought about his name, and I was fascinated with a legal struggle of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malawi from Malawi, and I called my daughter like that.
But when I looked at it, they were all men, and I would grab my pen, and I brought a line from my name, and I wrote,``Malaria . ''
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half, I admitted her in my school.
You might ask, why should I mention a child's admission in a school?
Yeah, I should mention it.
You can give it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in the poor countries, in patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, it's a great event for child life.
Instead in a school, it means recognition of your identity and your name.
One admission to school means that it's entered the world of dreams and aspirations where it can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks earlier, when I was looking at the Canadian view of the Canadian visit, and I was on the relative part of the family, I couldn't remember the hits of some of my sisters.
And the reason was I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father could not give my sisters or their daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the sagree of my daughter.
I encouraged her to sit with me when my friends came to me.
I encourage you to go with different meetings.
And all of these values, I've tried to instill you in your personality.
And this was not just for her, just for Malaysia.
I've made all these good values in my school to girls and boys alike.
He used education for production.
I taught my daughters, taught students, to forget the lesson of the obesity.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called self-death.
Dear brothers and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights, and in particular, for women's rights.
It was called talent.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
Girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use veil and stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silenced, the girls tied and the murdered singers.
They suffered millions, but a few talked, and it was terrifying to have all these people who kill and fall when you talk about their rights.
It's really scary.
At the age of 10, Malaysia was lifted and lifted on the right to education.
He wrote a diary for the BBC blog, she offered herself for the New York Times documentary, and I talked about every platform that he could . .
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It's spread as a calculator around the world.
And that was why the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign, and October 9 , 2012, they were shot to burn in the head.
It was a famous day for my family and me.
The world became a great black hole.
While my daughter was discussing between life and death, I whispered to my wife,``Should I blame me for what happened to my daughter, your daughter? ''
And he was offering me,``Please don't blame you.
You define the cause right.
You put your life in play for the cause of truth, because of the cause of peace, and for the cause of education, and your daughter is inspired by you and joined.
They both were on the right path and God will protect it . ''
These few words meant a lot for me, and I didn't ask again.
When Malaysia was in the hospital and had severe pains and strong headaches, because his facial nerve was cut, I used to see a dark shadow that spread through the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained.
I used to say,``I'm okay with my smile, and with the environment in my face.
I'll get good . Please don't worry . ''
It was a consultant for us, and we comfort.
Dear brothers and sisters, we've learned from it how to resist at the hardest moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for children's rights and women, it's like any 16-year-old girl.
He crying when he didn't end his task.
He fights his brothers, and I'm very happy about that.
People ask me,``What's special in my tutor that's done so bold to Malaysia so courageous, expressive and it is? ''
I say, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
I didn't cut their wings, and that's all.
Thank you very much.
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you.
I was operating of the brain 18 years ago, and since that day, the brain science has become a personal passion.
I'm engineering.
And I want to tell you that recently I've joined the Monoros group of Google, where I've had a division to my office -- the Google X of Google X, but all the work I'm going to talk about here today about brain science, I did before I joined Google or outside my work there.
Having said this, there's a stigma when you get to a brain operation.
You're still just like smart or not?
If you could, can you be smart?
After neuroscience, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It was not the gray matter, but it was the sticky death of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide what quantity will take, more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if it didn't take anything, die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about combinations and mix of chemicals, and try to get them, to continue with life.
More than once I've saved myself.
But luckily, I have a soul of experiment, so I decided to experience to try to get the optimal doses because there really doesn't exist a clear map that is in detail.
I started testing with different mix, and I was surprised to see how small changes in the dose changed dramatically my sense, my sense of who I was, my thinking, my behavior with others.
A particularly impressive case: for a few months, I tried and typical doses and chemical chemicals for a man in a 20s, and I was surprised to see how my thoughts changed.
I was always furious, I thought all the time in sex, and I believed that it was the smartest person around the world, and -- of course, many times in the past I've known a lot of guys like this, or maybe some bold versions.
It turns out as an extreme . .
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be arrogant.
In fact, I was trying to be trying to get a problem that had in front of it, and it just doesn't happen like this.
So I couldn't manage it.
I changed my doses.
But, I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they need to go, since then I get better with men.
What I was trying to do, when I adjust those hormones and neurotransmitters and so on, was to reclaim my intelligence after disease and operation -- my creative thinking, my flow of ideas.
I tend to think about it almost always in images, and that became my key point of reference: how I have those mental images that I use to create prototypes, my ideas, if you want? I test new ideas and recreating situations.
These kinds of thoughts is not new.
philosophers like Humbli, Descartes and Hobbes see things similar.
They thought the images and the mental ideas were the same thing.
Today, there are those who question this idea, and there are many discussions about how the mind works . For me, it's simple: for most of us, mental images are fundamental for creative thinking and inventive thinking.
So after several years, I'm able to find the right point, and I have lots of great mental pictures, really vivid, very sophisticated and structured.
Now, I'm working on how to take these mental images from my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director was able to use your imagination just to steer the world that's in front of it?
Or could a musician extract the music of his head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way that creative people can get to share at the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to make this is simply increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to doing this with two recent experiments done by two groups in neuroscience.
They both used MRI technology, imagine for functional magnetic resonance, to represent the brain . Here you can see the brain scan done by George Gansels and their Harvard colleagues.
The column on the left shows the brain of a person who looks at an image.
The middle column shows the brain scan of that same individual as he imagined, watching that same image.
The column on the right is created the contents of the central column on the left . You see that the difference is almost zero.
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar result.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same image is almost zero.
Now let me share another experiment . This is from Jack Galloon's lab in Berkeley, California.
They managed to convert the brain waves into recognized visual fields.
Let's put this way.
In this experiment, I showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while their brains were set up to create a big email of brain reactions to the video sequences.
Then, you showed them a film with new images, new people, new animals, and while a new scan was recorded.
The computer, using only the brain's brain information, decided to show what it seemed like the person was seeing.
On the right you can see the computers of the computer, and on the left, the video I showed you.
This gave us advice.
We're pretty close to do it.
We just need to improve resolution.
And now, remember that when you see an image, and when you imagine that same image, you believed in the brain the same map.
This led to the brain scanning systems of greater resolution today, and their resolution was increased as a thousand times over the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do it?
There are a lot of techniques to do that.
One is opening the skull and introducing electrodes.
I don't offer myself for that.
Many of them are proposing new techniques of images, including me, telling with the recent MRI result, first we have to ask the following, this technology will be the end of the way?
conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger magnets, but to this point, more large magnets are only offering small improvements in resolution, not increase by thousands as we need.
I propose this idea: instead of larger magnets, we make better magnets.
We can create a lot more complex structures with slightly different arrangements, like making a spirit.
And why does this care?
In the last few years, a lot of effort in MRI were to make really big magnets, right?
However, most of the recent breakthroughs in reverse and brilliant solutions in coding and decoding, in the transistors and prescriptions of FM radio in the MRI systems.
Instead, instead of a uniform magnetic field, we use substantial magnetic patterns add to the FM radio frequencies.
So by combining magnetic patterns with patterns of the FM radio frequency processing, we can increase massive information that can be extracted in one scale.
In addition, we can then divide our growing knowledge on the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands we need.
By using the MRI, we should be able to measure not just the oxygenated blood fluid, but the hormones and neurotransmitters that I've mentioned, and maybe even the direct neural activity . This is the dream . .
We will be able to fly our ideas directly to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could move above language and communicate directly through thinking?
What would we be capable of?
And how do we learn how to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be irresistible to use as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer's and diseases.
We have a few more choices to open up this door.
Anyway, choose a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that I'll take a lot more.
We need to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you tonight about coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have guns.
His closet may be to say to some person for the first time that love or tell someone who's pregnant, or telling someone who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation that you've gone through in life.
Every closet is a difficult conversation, and although our topics can vary tremendously, the experience of living and having out of that closet is universal.
It's afraid, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I worked at the South Side Wall Cape, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through a number of phases of the intensity of the Islamic military, not to take my armpits, quote the letters of Ann Di Francisco as a litany . .
And I'll be glad that because of the miracle of my short screen, and I had shave my head a little bit, I was usually wondering a little kid,``Hey, are you boy or girl? ''
And there's an awkward silence on the table.
I would take my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a stranger of rage.
The father would take the newspaper and the mother would launch a cold look at her son.
But I wouldn't say anything, and I would serve inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10, it was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that next time I would say something.
It would have that difficult conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
Are you a boy or a girl? ''
A family silence, but this time was prepared, and I was about to get back in the female affairs on the table . I had Betty Friedman's dates.
The Gloria Steinem quote.
Even a snippet of the``Vagina Monologues"to show.
So I'm going to breathe, and I go down and my backs, a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what's not a challenge for a feminist mourning, just a child with a question:``Are you boy or girl? ''
So, I'm going to breathe again, I put color close to her, and I said,``Hey, I know this is a confusing thing.
I have the short hair like a kid, and I see a kid's clothes, but I'm a girl, and you know, as you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas.
Well, I'm more of the kind of a little girl . ''
And that girl looked at me, by paying attention, and he said,``My favorite pajamas is violent and has a fish.
Can you give me a picture, please? ''
And that was all .``Oh, OK, you're a girl.
What about the painting I asked? ''
It was the easiest conversation of all I ever had.
And why.
So, as many of us, I've lived in some closet in my life, and yes, often my walls used to be a rainbow.
But inside, in the dark, you can't know what color are the walls.
You just know how you feel living in a closet.
That's how my closet is not different than yours or yours or yours.
Surely, I'll give you 100 reasons why to go out of my closet was harder than coming out of your closet, but this is the thing: The hard thing isn't relative.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell someone to explain to someone who's been declared in broken banking is harder than saying it's been fooled?
Who can tell me that this story that I think is harder than telling your five year-old child you're going to divorce?
There's no more difficult thing, there's only the difficult.
We need to stop rating what's difficult to what it is difficult for another person to make us feel better or worse in relationship to our closet, and we should just feel empathy because we all live something difficult.
At some point in our lives, we all live in arguments, and they may make security, or at least safer than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you, no matter what their walls are made, a closet is not a place to live.
Thank you . Imagine yourself 20 years ago.
I had a horse tail, a dress and a senior shoe shoes.
It was not the military lesbian prepared to fight any four year-old child who would go into coffee.
I was frozen by fear, I was running on a corner of my dark closet by putting my big gay, and moving only one muscle is the most scary thing I ever ever done.
My family, my friends, strangers that I've spent my entire life trying to don't disappoint them, and now the world was turned around.
I was burning the pages of a guide that we've all been following for so long, but if you don't release that grain, you'll kill you.
One of my most memorable favorite launches was on my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that many of them knew that I was gay, and when I did my honor ladies, in my black dress and heels, I walked around the tables and eventually I got to one where my parents were from my parents, people who knew me did years.
And after talking a moment, one of the women screamed,``I love Nathan Lane! ''
And the gay story battle had started.
\" Aha, was you ever in the beaver? ''
\" Well, yes, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco . ''
\" Well, we've never been there, but we've heard it's fabulous . ''
\" Aha, you know my style Antonio?
It's very good, and it's never talked about having girlfriend . ''
\" Aha, what is your favorite TV program?
Our favorite program? Will and Grace.
And you know who we love? Jack.
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman, puzzled, but I was desperately showing her support, to make me know that he was on my side, finally said,``Well, sometimes my husband uses pink shirts . ''
And I had an opportunity at that time, as you have all the greatness launchers.
Surely, it might have been easy to indicate where they felt less.
It's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were scanning.
And what else can you ask someone, but do you run?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for how authentic you get.
That's how the hard conversations continue without being my strong point.
Ask anybody I've come out with.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Galapagos girl.
Now, please look at this through gay perspective, but you understand that what it involves coming out of any closet is essentially the same thing.
Number one: Be authentic.
Take the armor . Be yourself.
That girl in the cafe had no armor, but I was ready for the battle.
If you want somebody to be genuine, others must know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be direct . Just say . Take your patches.
If you know they're gay, say it.
If they say to their parents that maybe they could be gay, they would keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more importantly -- let's leave the complex.
You communicate the truth.
You've never been apologize for that.
And some of you can go out safe, excuse you for what they've done, but never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some will feel disappointed, but that something in them, not you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not you.
The only story that matters is that you want to write.
So next time you find it in a dark closet, putting a grenade, you must know that we've all been there before.
And you may feel very alone, but you're not.
Thank you, Boulder . Enjoy the candle.
Intelligence, what is that?
If we look at the story of what intelligence has seen, a productive example has been the famous quote of Eastern Dietechos that``The question of whether a machine can think is as interesting as if a submarine can swim . ''
When Professor Dickets wrote this, he did it as a critic to the computer pioneers like Alan Turing.
And so a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental fundamental physical mechanisms of intelligence.
Let's go back.
We start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that it's an alien race, that you don't know anything about the biology of the Earth, or the Earth's intelligence or intelligence of Earth's intelligence, but you have incredible telescopes, and you can see the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can observe the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as a Earthlings, we know that the reason is that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're from an alien race that knows nothing about this, that it doesn't have any concept about the Earth's intelligence, they would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how, to some time in time, the asteroids that demonstrate the surface of a planet, they stopped doing it.
And that's why I claim that this is the same question as to understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I took several years ago, I was looking at a variety of issues through science, through various disciplines, who would stop, I think, to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology, for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally adjusted to development of intelligence, and in particular, for developing universal states that maximize the diversity of possible future.
Finally, in robotic movement planning, there has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so, taking all these different issues and putting them together, I asked, for several years, is there an underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we can extract from all these different issues?
Is there just an equation for intelligence?
And I think the answer is . What you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to a E and = = for the intelligence I've seen.
So what you're seeing here is a statement that intelligence is a force, F, that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or keep the choices open, with a force T force, with the diversity of possible future accessible future, yes, to an imminent future time, touch.
In a few words, intelligence doesn't like to stay trapped.
The intelligence is trying to maximize the future freedom of action and keep the options open.
And so, having this equation, it's natural to ask: What can you do with this?
How predictable is it?
predicts the level of human intelligence?
Do you predict artificial intelligence?
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: Recent research in cosmology has suggested that the universes that produce more disorder, or``entropy ,"during their life should have trend to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what happens if that kind of quantitative cosmological connection between entropy and intelligence is a deeper relationship?
What if smart behavior is not only correlated with long-term entropy production, but actually emerge from it?
To find out, we developed a software engine called England, designed to maximize the production of long-term entropy in any system that you find inside.
Amazingly, entropy was able to spend multiple animal intelligence testing, play human games, and even make money sharing actions, all of that without being told to do that.
Here are some examples of entropy in action.
Just like a foot human without falling, here we see entropy balance automatically a pole using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave entropy a goal.
He just decided to choose the pole.
This balance of balance will have applications for human robotics and human assistance technologies.
This ability of tools to have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
In addition, just like some other animals can cooperate by taking extreme opposite of a rope at the same time to release food, here we see that entropy can perform a version of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and a variety of other fields.
Entropy is widely applicable to a variety of domains.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a body game with itself, illustrating its potential for play.
So here we see entropy organized new connections in a social network where friends are constantly disconnected and successfully keep the network well connected.
This same network of network activation also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
So here we see entropy organizing the routes of a boat fleet, discovering successfully and using Panama Canal to expand globally to the Global Pacific.
In the same way, entropy is widely applicable to problems in autonomous, logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see entropy spontaneously discovering and execute a series of buyers, altruism in a simulated series of action negotiation, successfully increasing assets under their exponentially.
This risk of risk management will have broad applications in finance and safe.
Alex Witness: What you've seen is that a variety of brands of intelligent cognitive human behaviors such as the use of tools, walking upright and social cooperation, everybody's derived from one equation, which leads to a system to maximize its future freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep irony.
We went back at the beginning of the use of the robot, the``ROD"-- there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber rebellion.
The machines would get up against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all these decades, we've had all the concept of cyber rebellion.
It's not that the machines first become intelligent and then members and trying to get off the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than the idea of intelligence, that general intelligence can actually emerge from taking control, rather than backwards.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the target.
They often ask me,``How is it that looking for targets is descended from this kind of framework?
My equivalent to that statement to pass the descendants to help them build artificial intelligence or to help them understand human intelligence, that is the following: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid constraints in its own future.
Thank you very much.
We are at a point of inflection in human history, something between the conquest of stars and losing the planet we call``home . ''
Now, in the last few years, we've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth fits in the context of the universe.
The NASA Kepler mission has discovered thousands of possible planets that orbit around other stars, which points to the Earth is only one between the billions of planets of our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the faint light intensity of the stars when the planets go through them, and they block a little bit of that light that comes to us.
The data collected by Kepler show the sizes of the planets in addition to the distance that there are among them and their mother star.
In ensemble, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rich as the Earth planets of our solar system, and also how much light they get from their sun.
Instead, this gives clues on whether these planets that we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, as we're finding this treasure of potentially habitable worlds, our own planet is growing under the weight of humanity.
The year 2014 was the hottest record.
Glacier and sea ice that has been with us from a millennia now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused on the global scale have rapidly overcome our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a scientist of the climate, no astronomer.
But I study the ability of the planet influenced by stars, with hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that you look for alien opportunities in the immune sector.
Now, as someone really interested in search for life in the universe, I can tell you that the more you look for planets similar to Earth, more enjoy of our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invited a comparison between the planet and the planets that we know better: the ones in our solar system.
Let's take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and rich, and despite being a little bit farther from the sun, it can be considered a potentially habitable world shown this by a mission like Kepler.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and in part, it's why we study so much to Mars.
Our opponents like``Curiosity"tracked its surface in looking for clues about the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit it, like the MIT mission, take samples of the atmosphere of Mars, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their ability.
The private companies now offer not just short space flights, but also the ability to live on Mars.
But even though all these pictures are reminded us to deserts of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with the visible and pioneers, compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Take the extension of the desert areas of our planet that are still going to be colonized, really exaggerated places compared to Mars.
Even in the most dry and most elevated places of the Earth, the air is fresh and retrospective of oxygen from our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I'm worried that this excitement by the colonization of Mars and other planet planets with a big and sad shadow: the implications and the belief of some that Mars will expect to save us from this influenced service of the only planet that we know is really habitable, Earth.
For much that I like the intellectual exploration, I'm deep disagreement with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but to say that Mars is going to be there to save humanity is like figuring out that the captain of the Titanic will tell us that the party of the Titanic will tell us that the party of truth will get place later in the wild boats . Thank you.
But the goals for the intellectual exploration and the Earth preservation doesn't get contradiction.
No, it's actually faces of the same coin: the goal of understanding, to preserve and improve life in the future.
The extreme environments in our world look like extraterrestrial landscape.
Only they find closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile and inefficient areas of the land, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment: Fermi's paradox.
Many years ago, the physicist Henry Fermi asked: I realized that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there are many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of the existence of extraterrestrial life.
Well, where are you?
Well, a possible solution to Fermi's paradox is that when civilizations become technologically advanced enough to consider to continue to live between the stars, they lose the notion of how important the origin is to protect this development.
It's arrogant to think that only interplanetary colonization will save us from ourselves, but planetary preservation and intrinsic exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to provide the hostile environments of Mars for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the even easier task to preserve the ability on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own house.
And as I was on the front porch looking at my pockets, I realized I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window they were on the dining table, where I had left them.
So quickly, I tried to open all the other doors and windows, and they were all right.
I thought about calling a circle, at least I had my cell phone, but at midnight, a cigarette could take a long time to get, and make cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend from Jeff to spend night because I had an early flight to Europe the next morning, and I witnessed my passport and my suitcase.
It would be expensive, but I sure no more expensive than an average night, so I thought, despite the circumstances, it went right.
I'm a profession of profession, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
It releases cortisol that increases heart rate, models the levels of adrenaline and cloud.
And when I got to the excitement counter in the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about that eight hours without sleep.
And I started to ask, if there was something I could do, systems that could put in place, that prevent bad things.
Or at least, if bad things happen, they minimize the likelihood that it's a total catastrophe.
So I started thinking about that, but to a month later my thoughts didn't crash.
I was dinner with my colleague Danny Kanhata, who's won from the Nobel Prize, and a little bit embarrassed he told her that he broke the window, and I had forgotten my passport, and Danny shared with me that I had been practicing something called a preparation . .
It's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein, who had written this a few years before, known as the premise.
They all know what the posture is.
Every time there is a disaster, a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what went wrong, right?
In the teacher, as Danny explained, you look ahead and try to figure out all the things that could go wrong, next, you try to figure out what you can do to prevent things happen or to minimize the damage.
So what I want to talk to you is some things that we can do in the form of a primate.
Some of them are evident, others are not so evident.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, I'll decide a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds from common sense and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis, based on how our space memory works.
There's a structure in the brain called hippocampus, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a tracking of the location of important things, where it's the good, where the fish are, which makes the fruit trees, where the tribes are living and enemies.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that's grown in the London's taxi.
It's the part of the brain that allows the squirrels to find their nuts.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment, they cut the smell of the squirrels, and yet they could find their nuts.
They didn't use smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason to lose keys of the car, glasses of reading and passports.
So at home, it's a place for the keys, a hook alongside the door, maybe a decorative plate.
For your passport, a particular box.
For their reading glasses, a particular mission.
If you make a place, and you're a high school with it, you'll always be there when you search them.
What about travel?
Take the cell phone a picture of their credit cards, driver's license, passport, send it out of email to themselves to be in the cloud.
If these things are lost or steal, this can facilitate the substitution.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, the brain releases cortisol.
cortisol is toxic and entrepreneurs the thought.
So part of the premise is to recognize that under stress, we're not going to be at the best time, and you have to put the systems on your site.
And there's perhaps no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we will all be in that situation, of having to make a very important decision about the future of our medical attention or a loved self, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'm going to talk about a very particular medical performance.
But this is created as a process for all of the medical decisions, and in fact for financial decision-making and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take a rational assessment of facts.
So let's suppose that they go to the doctor and the doctor says,``I've received the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little high . ''
Everyone knows that high cholesterol is associated with greater risk of cardiovascular disease, heart attacks, brain spill.
So you're thinking that having the high cholesterol is not the best thing, then the doctor says,``I'd like to acknowledge a drug that will help you reduce the cholesterol, a statue . ''
And maybe you've heard about the statues, and you know it's one of the most decorated drugs in the world today . It's even likely to know people who take them.
And so you think,``Yes, remix the statue! ''
But there's a question that you should do then, a statistic that has to ask that most physicians don't want to speak, and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for the NSA, the number necessary to treat.
And what is this, the RNA?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or get to a surgery in any medical procedure before they help a person.
And should you think about what kind of crazy statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor wouldn't recognize something if it wasn't going to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not guilt from the doctor, and if it's guilt of someone, it's scientists like me.
We haven't understood the underlying mechanisms.
But the Smallines estimates that 90 percent of drugs work only about 30 to 50 percent of the people.
So the number need to deal with the most widely recycled status, what do you think is?
How many people have to take it before they help a person?
300.
This according to research from cynical researchers Jeremy Grove and Pamela Harvard, confirmed independently by Bloomberg.
I myself explore the numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before avoid one single heart attack, stroke or another adverse event.
Now you might think,``Well, one probability in 300 of my cholesterol.
Why not, doctor? Give me a recipe anyway . ''
But then you have to ask for a statistic more, and it is,``Tell me of the side effects ."Right?
For this particular drug, side effects are produced in five percent of patients.
And those include terrible things: distributing muscle pain and articulate, gasoline pain, but now they think,``Five percent is not very likely to happen to me, still to take the medicine . ''
But a moment.
Remember, under stress, they don't think of clarity.
So, think about how it looks like this over time, so you don't have to make the reasoning chain in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped, five percent of the 300 have side effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to go out of the drug that you will help you.
I don't say that they should or not take the statue.
I just say you must have this conversation with your doctor.
The medical ethic requires it, it's part of the informed consent principle.
We have right to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air by the value of the crash, but actually this necessary number to deal with is quite typical.
For surgery that's more done in the older men of 50, extinction of the cancer prostate, the number necessary to deal with is 49.
That is , 49 surgeries for a person who has helped.
And the side effects in that case are produced in 50 percent of the patients.
Those include the impact or the erectile dysfunction, the urban incidence, the straight field, the fecal income.
And if you're lucky, and you're one of that 50 percent, the effects only will last a year or two.
So the idea of the teacher is to think about the question of the questions that you can ask you to drive the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all this in the act.
And they also want to think about quality of life.
Because you have an option many times, do you want a shorter life of pain, or a longer life that might have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
They can change of opinion in the heat of the time, but at least you are trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases cortisol under stress, and one of the things that happens at that point is that a lot of systems are turned off.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face to face with a predator, you don't need the digestive system, or the liberated or the immune system, because if your body is spending metabolism in those things, it doesn't react fast . You could be the lunch lunch, so none of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is rational logic thinking, like Danny Kahn and his colleagues have shown.
So we have to train ourselves to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we're all flawed.
We're all going to fail every time.
The idea is to think about the future how those failure might be, to put the systems in the place that will help to minimize damage, or to prevent the bad things to happen in the first place.
Remaining the night of snow in Montreal, when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed me a combination of combination alongside the door, with a key of the gate in the same, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of cards that I have not ordered, and lots of emails I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized, but I see organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Piano,``P"is my favorite musical symbol.
It means playing softly.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a``P"in the score, you need to play more gently.
Two.
Four.
This is my drawing of a tree' tree, there you see it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of' ' ' ' ' ' ''
That's my current definition of silence: a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system of signs, the ASHA, in addition to a little bit of my own story.
The language of French signs came over during the 1800s, and over time, it mixed with local signs, and the language is developed that we know today as AOL.
So it has a story of about 200 years.
I was born deaf . And they taught me to believe that sound was not a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, now I realize that it's not true for anything.
Sound is a very important part of my life, really in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sound, it's as if I live in an foreign country, following their rules, custom, behaviors and norms without questioning them.
So how do I understand sound?
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my speakers and amplify sound.
And I learned that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds, and I've seen how people respond.
So I've learned, for example ...
\" Don't blow the door! ''
\" Don't do a lot of noise when you eat the bag of chips! ''
\" Don't bite, and when you're eating, you make sure you can't raise the covers on the plate . ''
I call this whole sound tag.
Maybe I think about the most sound label of what the average person does.
I'm super surveillance of sounds.
And I'm always waiting for nervous the sound, that it's going to come next.
From, this drawing.
TBP, for deciding.
TBP, for continuing.
TBP, to announce.
You can see that the sentence has no notes on the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sound through the subtle borders and the blobs.
In the deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the``paint"sign in the NASA.
A typical picture has five lines.
However, to me, to do the self with my thumb, so it doesn't feel natural.
That's why in my drawings I only have four lines on paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic residence there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries, and as I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that point, the sound was the trend, and that called the attention.
There was no visual art, it was all auditory.
Now the sound has entered my art territory.
Is it going to tell me more of art?
I realized that it doesn't have to be like that . .
I actually know the sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't only experience through ears.
I can feel a tactile, or to experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim sound ownership and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And all they had taught me in the sound of sound, I decided to leave it and get away.
I started creating a new job body.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention I received.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control: social currency.
In the background of my mind, I always felt that the sound was oblivious, it was something of a listener.
And sound is so powerful that well I could tell myself and my artistic work, or I could empower.
I chose it to be empowered.
There's a massive culture around language.
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, to the eyes of society, it's like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me and become my voice.
That way I'm able to be relevant in the current society.
So in school, at work and institutions, I work with many different interpretations of AOL.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, by asking her voices, I'm able to maintain a temporary form of value something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I couldn't continue this practice, I feel that I could fade in the forgotten and not have any kind of social value.
So with sound as my new artistic medium, deep in the world of music.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and the ASAC.
For example, a musical note can't be captured and expressing on the paper.
And the same thing can tell you about an AOL concept.
The two are very space and highly modular what it means that subtle changes can affect the whole meaning of signals as well as sound.
I'd like to share a metaphor of the piano, so they understand better how the ASHA works.
So, imagine a piano.
The ASHA is divided in many different grammar parameters.
If you assign a different parameters for each finger as you touch the piano, like facial expression, the body's movement, the speed, the form of your hand, and so, while you touch the piano, English is a linear language, as if you would only put a keyboard at the same time.
However, the ASHA is more like a chord, you need 10 fingers simultaneously to express a clear concept or an idea in AOL.
If just one key to change the chord, create a completely different meaning.
It's the same thing with music in terms of tone, timbre and volume.
In AOL, when you use these different gravitational parameters, you can express different ideas.
So, for example, the sign``fall on that ."sign.
This is the sign of it.
I'm looking at you.
Just look at it.
Oh, they raised me.
Oh.
What are you looking at?
Ah, pretty!
So I started thinking, and if I see the ASHA through the lenses of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeated it over and over again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the``day ,"the sun comes out and it gets.
This is``all day . ''
If you repeat and reduce speed, visually you see as a piece of music.
All day.
I feel that the same can say``all night . ''
\" All night . ''
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about three different kinds of nights:``Last night ,"`` during the night ,"`` all night . ''
I feel like the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in AOL and how the distance to the body can express changes in time.
For example, one will . It's a hand, two of you . It's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body and the past is in the back.
So, the first example is``a long time ago . ''
Then,``uncomfortable ."`` used to"and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at once,``There were once . ''
\" Common Time"is a musical term with a specific rate of four times per capita.
However, when I see the word``common time"I think of``at the same time . ''
See MIT: right hand, E: left hand.
We have the window through the head and the chest.
( Music: MIT, flag .) [The chest: E, flag .) I'm going to show you a shape of the hand called``flag bar . ''
Can you do it with me?
All the hands in high.
Now we're going to do it so much on your head like chest, something like common time or``at the same time . ''
Yes, good.
That means``fall in love ,"in the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs around the world.
The second one I'd like to show you is this . Please do it again.
And now this.
It means``colonization"at the NASA.
Now, the third one . Please get me again.
And again.
It's``lighting"at the ASAC.
We're going to do the three together.
\" Love ,"`` colonization"and``lighting . ''
Good work everyone.
Notice how the three signs are very similar . They all happen in the head and the chest, but they transmit very different meanings.
It's amazing to see how NASA is alive and thriving, like music.
However, today, we live in a very coding world.
And just because the ASHA has no sound, it doesn't automatically have social value.
We have to start questioning what the social value defines and allow the ASHA to develop their own value, without sound.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn ASAC, and you have to hear to learn music.
The ASHA is a rich treasure, and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience from our visual language.
And you never know, you can even fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Dennis Kaluani: Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents told me,``You can get it all, but then you have to clean it up . ''
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in an innocence bubble or an ignorance bubble, and I should say, because adults lie to protect us from the horrible truth.
By making me older, I find that adults also get up and they're not very good at cleaning each other.
Time happened, now I'm adult and teaching citizenship and invention at Hong Kong of Hong Kong.
You don't have to wait a lot for my students to walk through the beach, they go through lots of garbage.
So as good citizens, we cleaned the beaches, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it's, I didn't.
It's sad to say, but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's something spooky.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big ships and networks, to collect those plastic bits to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and we collect this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity, and it's very expensive, and it's also very risky to use those enormous boats.
So along with my students, with ages of six to 15, we dream about inventing a better way.
We've transformed our tiny little classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
We started building this message of work with alcohol attacked so that very low kids can participate.
And I'll tell you, kids who manipulate electrical tools feel great and secure.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to plastic.
We collect plastic and reduce it to the size that we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragmentation.
That's what we do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine them into something that we hope to work.
We decided instead of collecting plastic pieces, we just collect information.
By using a robot, we take a picture of this plastic -- children are very excited about robots.
And then we quickly created what we call a prototype.
We are so fast in the creation of prototypes that we ended before lunch.
And we transform light bulbs and cameras in access, and we put it into a floating robot that will slowly move through the water and by the plastic we have there, and this is the picture captured by the robot.
We see the bits of plastic floating slowly through the sensor while the computer of the onboard will process this image and measure the size of each particle, to get an approximate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this invention step on a website for inventors called``Institutes ,"with hope that someone's better even.
And the great thing about this project is that students saw a local problem, and they were trying to fix it immediately.
[ I can investigate my local problem] But my students in Hong Kong are very well informed children.
You see the news, they consume the Internet, and they played this image.
A child, perhaps less than 10 years, clean up an oil spill, just using the hands, in Sundays, the largest mangrove forest in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water they drink, it's the water in which they're bathe, the water where they fish, the place where they live.
You can also see that the water is brown, the mud and oil is also brown, and when it all mixes, it's very difficult to see what's in the water.
But there's a simple technology called spectrum, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a first prototype of a spectrum that can navigate through all kinds of substances that produce different spectrum, what can help identify what's in the water.
We're outfitted with this prototype with a sensor and sent it to Bangladesh.
What's great about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or looking at a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other kids remotely . .
[ I can investigate a problem at a distance] I was forced to make a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little further, maybe to address a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese and half a French, and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they waste several giant waves, called tsunami, and those tsunami destroyed several cities on the east coast of Japan.
More than 14,000 people died in a moment.
It also gives the nuclear power plant of Fukushima, a nuclear core near the water.
And today, according to the reports an average of 300 tons are still leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, the entire Pacific Ocean has scary pollution.
If we go to the west coast, we can measure Fukushima radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappears from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it makes sure, is blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've gone back to Fukushima every year from the accident and research in an independent way with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we want to bring children.
Of course we didn't take them, parents didn't allow them.
But each night, we informed the control center -- here you see the use of different masks.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously, but they did because they're going to have to live with radioactivity all their lives.
Together with them, we discussed the data that day and talked about what we were going to do after the strategies, the strategies, the Irish and so on.
And to do this, we create a rudimentary map of the region around the nuclear energy plant.
We created the elevation map, we introduced pigments to represent real data data, and we sprinkle water to simulate rain.
With this, we could notice that the radioactive powder was filtered from the top of the mountain to the rigid system and disappeared in the ocean.
It was an approximate.
But based on this, we organize a civil expedition, the closest to nuclear central to date.
We got up to a mile of the nuclear central, and with the help of the areas of the area, we were collecting sea breast sediments with a service tracker as we invented and built.
Here we see a progression: we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also open-source technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it's been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even begun to try to solve the problems.
I wonder if we should give the jump and try to invent better ways of doing all these things.
So the classroom became such a small thing, so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and turned it into the greatest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's in the center of Hong Kong, and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal, chemistry, a little biology, of optics, basically, you can build almost everything there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where children's dreams can actually become true with adult aid, and where adults can be children again.
Students: acceleration! acceleration!
Campaign Harry: We asked things like: Can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help in the mobility of the advanced age, transforming their standard wheelchair chairs in new electrical vehicles?
Plastic, oil and radioactivity are terrible, but the worst legacy we can leave our children are lies.
We can no longer afford to protect children of the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So, scientific citizens, creators, priests, we need to prepare the next generation to worry about environment and people, and so that I can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin domes, two radically opposite design cultures.
One is made of thousands of pieces of steel, the other one of a single silk thread.
One of them is synthetic, the other organic.
One is printed on the environment, the other one creates it.
One is designed by nature, another one.
Michelangelo said that when he looked at the gross marble, he saw a figure that fights for being free.
The five was a single tool of Michelangelo.
But living creatures are not cycled.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, cells, we take all the information that's required by every cell to work and to replicate.
The tools also have consequences.
At least since the Industrial Revolution, the design world has been dominated by records of manufacturing and production in mass.
The assembly lines have taken a world made of parts, setting up the imagination of designers and architects trained to think about their objects as distributions of different parts with different functions.
But you don't find homography materials in nature.
Think about human skin, for example.
Our facial skins are thin with diagnosed pores.
The back skins are more thick with little pores.
You act primarily as a filter, the other mostly as a barrier, and yet it's the same skin: no parts, no assembly.
It's a system that would gradually vary its functionality through the variation of elasticity.
Here's a divided screen that represents my vision of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architect by working today between the sky and the gene, between the machine and the organism, between the assembly and growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and synthesis, is shown in the two screens after me.
My job, in its simplest level, tries to bring these two visions in the world, away from assembly and closer to growth.
You probably ask: Why now?
Why couldn't this be possible about 10 or even five years ago?
We live at a very special moment in history, a weird moment, where they combine four disciplines that offers access to access to the tools that we've never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We design objects, products, structures and tools through scales, of large-scale scales, like this robotic arm with a 24-year-old scope of diameter with a vascular basis that someday not very far to print entire buildings, and graphics to nanoscale made of genetically modified microorganisms.
Here we've reinvented the heat, an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture, and it has created a screen where each openness is unique to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt . This was for a Paris's fashion parade with Iran -- it's like a second skin made from one piece, stiff in the contours, flexible around the waist.
Together with 3D printing collaborator, we print this layer and fake 3D skirt without the cells . I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combined rigid materials and soft materials in the 20 microns resolution.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a CIA scanner.
That designers have access to this high-resolution analytical and the synthetic instruments, it allows us to design products that adapt not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at once structure, comfortable, and also it absorbs sound.
Professor Carter, my collaborator, went back to nature to inspire them, and by designing this irregular surface pattern, it becomes self-replicating.
We printed this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in rigorous, passion and color, depending on the pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, would vary its functionality not through addiction of another material or another assembly, but vary continuously and deliberately material property.
But is the ideal nature?
There are no parts in nature?
I didn't raised myself in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories about the Hebrew Bible, and one of them was left to me and came to define a lot of what I care about.
As she says,``In the third day of the Creation, God sent the Earth to grow a fruit charge of fruit . ''
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between trunk, branches, leaves and fruits.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land made trees grow trees with branches, cortex, talents and flowers.
The land created a world made of parts.
I often ask myself,``What would be the design if the objects were made from one piece?
Will we go back to a better state of creation? ''
So we looked for the biblical material, the kind of material of the fruit tree with fruit, and we found it.
The second most abundant biography on the planet is called the light, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crabs, scorpions and butterflies.
We thought if we could synthesize their properties, we could generate multinational structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it a legal shellfish . We asked a lot of shrimp shells, we mold them, and we put suicide pasta.
The chemical concentrations, we've been able to achieve a wide range of properties, from dark, hard and opaque, to light, soft and transparent.
To print the structures at the big scale, a system built a system with multiple business nozzles robotic.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from one material three feet long , 100 percent recyclable.
When the pieces are ready, they're going to dry them to find a natural shape to the contact with the air.
So why do we continue to design with plastic?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain photographic microorganisms that appeared for the first time on the planet three billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we increase the bacteria designed genetically to capture very quickly carbon in the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition with no matter problems, and if you zoom even more, to windows.
A free tree loaded of fruit.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and with a little synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of shrimp shells in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part: for objects designed to biodegrade, put in the sea, feed marine life, and placed on the ground, will help grow a tree.
The fit for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We're looking for the possibility of creating clothes to keep the life for the intellectual travel.
To do that, we should dominate bacteria and control their flow.
Just as the periodic table, we made our own elements of elements: new forms of life created computing, made in an additive way and augmented in biological form.
I like to think of synthetic biology as liquid alchemy, only that instead of making precious metals, new biological functionality within very small channels.
This field is called microbial.
We printed our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothes, two microorganisms combined.
The first is the scan.
It lives in our oceans and the freshwater ponds.
And the second, E. coli, the bacteria that had in the human intestine.
One makes light into sugar, the other sugar consumption and produces useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microbes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think about it as evolution, not by natural selection, but design evolution.
In order to contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract, which will help that flow these bacteria and make their way away.
So we started growing those channels in the human body, looking at the properties of material according to desired functionality.
If we wanted more photosynthesis, we designed more transparent channels.
This present digestive system, when it would stretch from one end to another , 3,000 feet.
This is half a football field, and 10 times more than our thin intestine.
And here it is, as a TED primary, our first pretty portable photosynthesis, brilliant liquid channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shelley said,``We're cracked creatures, only half is made . ''
What if design will provide the other half?
What if we could create structures that increase living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, repair the damaged tissue and hold our bodies?
Think about this as a way of editing biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D printer printed material in layers.
You also know that nature doesn't do that like that.
It grows . It adds with sophistication.
This coast of the worm, for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home within which it gets married.
Not additive manufacturing is about this level of sophistication.
It does it through combination of two materials, but two different backgrounds in different concentrations.
An act as a structure, the other is the glue or the matrix, bringing those fibers together.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm is released in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then it starts to hurt a copy of compression.
tension and compression, the two forces of life, are manifest in a single material.
In order to understand better how this complex process works, we put a small magnet to the head of a silk worm, to the spinnerets.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm.
And yet, when you put the silk worm on a flat patch, not within a box, you realize that it would hurt a flat cap and still metabolize it.
So we started designing different environments, different scaffolding, and we've discovered that shape, composition, the structure of the heat, is transmitted directly by the environment.
Often you boil silk worms to death inside your shoes, your silk is wasted and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these plants, we could shape raw silk without boiling a single heat.
It was metabolized honestly, and we could create these things.
So we scale this process to the architectural scale.
We had a helicopter robot making silk plants, and we put ourselves on our site.
We knew that silk worms migrated into darker and cold areas, so we used a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we create holes or open holes, to block the rays of light and heat, distribute silk worms on the structure.
We were prepared to get the caterpillars.
We asked 1,500 silk worms to an online silk farm.
And after feeding four weeks, they were prepared to participate with us.
We put them carefully on the bottom edge of the scaffolding, and as they collide, they collide, they mate, they put eggs, and life begins again, like us, but much, much shorter.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity, and he was right.
At the hill of the biological silk on the silk silk, they give all this pavilion their integrity.
And in a little over two or three weeks, six silk worms six miles.
In a curious symmetry, this is also the length of silk route.
The cops, after the scale, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 additional pavilions in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk thread through a robotic arm, the other full empty.
If the last frontier of design is to give life to products and buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers should join these two visions of the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here it is to a new age of design, a new age of creation, which leads us from an inspired design in nature to an inspired nature in design, which demands from us, for the first time, that we make nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much . Thank you.
Hands up if you've ever asked them,``What do you want to be more? ''
If they had to remember how old they had when they first asked them?
You can show you with fingers.
Three . Five . Three . Five . Five.
Now raise your hand if the question``What do you want to be more? ''
It's caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question``What do you want to be more? ''
The problem wasn't that I had no interest, but it had too much.
In school, I liked English, the math and art and developed websites . Furthermore, I played the guitar in a pink band called Telencillie frustrated.
You may have heard about us.
And generally, I like to try and persist anyway, for having spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time this sense of boredom, this feeling of, this is no longer a challenge, it gets to get me back.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in the other thing, which is totally different, and I'm going to get up on it, and I'm like,``Yes! I've found my mine ,"and then again this point where I start bored.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to go into that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first one was because I wasn't sure how it was going to turn all this into a race.
I thought I had to choose one thing, to deny all of my other passions, and get bored.
Another reason why I got so anxiety was a little more personal.
I was worried that there was something wrong on this, and something wrong with me not to define anything.
I was worried to have fear of compromise, or to be dispersed, or to astronomer or my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I'd like to ask you something that I'd like to have ever been.
Ask themselves, where they learned to assign the meaning of bad or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it: they learned it from culture.
We're asked first,``What do you want to be more? ''
When we're about five years old.
And the truth is that no one cares about what you answer at that age.
It's considered an naive question to produce cute answers in children like,``being an astronaut ,"or``I want to be pirate . ''
They show you the Shaker's disaster here.
This question is going to be done over and over again as we grow up in various ways, P.
And at some point,``What do you want to be more? ''
It's going to be the cute exercise of before what sleep takes.
Why?
While this question inspired children to dream with what they might be, it doesn't inspire dreaming with everything they might be.
In fact, it's just the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't answer with 20 different things, even though adults are good, maybe they laugh and say,``Oh, how cute, but you can't be an artisan of violence and psychologist.
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Children, and he's artisan of violence and psychotherapy.
And this Amy Nigeria, the magazine editor, a conversation, business, teacher and creative director.
But most children don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is they're going to have to choose.
But it's more than that . .
The notion of focused life is very idealistic in our culture.
It's this idea of fate or true calling, the idea that each of us has something to do for their time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But if you are somebody who is not connected in this way?
What if there are many different issues that will wake up their curiosity and many different things that you want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that framework.
And so you can feel only.
You can feel it doesn't have a goal.
And feeling there is something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong on you.
You're a multiply . .
A multiply is someone with many interests and creative activities.
It's a passenger to say.
It could help if it divided into three parts: multiple, potential and day.
You can also use other terms that make the same idea, as a scholar, rebelling.
During Renaissance's time, the ideal was who was fine in multiple disciplines.
Barbara Show refers to us as``scanners . ''
They use any term that you like or invent yourself.
It seems to me as a kind of adapt to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see the multiplicity as a limitation or a charity that you should beat.
But what I've learned to talk to people and writing about these ideas on my website is that there are enormous strength of being like this.
Here are three multicultural superpowers here.
One: the synthesis of ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and creating something new in intersection.
Shah Hawking and Rachel Bionics expressed their shared interests in cartography, data visualization, travel, mathematics and design, by founding Jesse.
Jesse is a company that creates inspired jewels.
Steve and Rachel came up with this unique idea for her ecology mixture of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
That's from the new ideas.
And the multi-law, all their background, can access a lot of these points of intersection.
The second multi-touch superpower is the rapid learning.
When the multiple multiple is interested by something, we go to it.
We see everything we can have in our hands.
We are used to be beginners, to have been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid of testing new things and out of our comfort zones.
A lot of skills are transparent to other disciplines, and we bring everything we've learned to every new area that we put together, so we rarely started from scratch.
North Doha is a full-time journey and independent writing.
As a child pianist, it was an incredible ability to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest known mechanism.
Before becoming a writer, North was financial planning.
He had to learn the most thin sales mechanics when he started his practices, and this ability helps him write compelling launches for editors.
It's rarely a loss of time to get to what you're attracted to, even if at the end of it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have anticipated.
The third multi-touch superpower is adaptability . I mean, the ability to transform into anything you need in a given situation.
Abe Couch is sometimes director of videos, others, web pages designer, sometimes consultant from Kickstarter, sometimes teachers, and sometimes apparently, James Bond.
It's valuable because it's a good job.
He's even more valuable because he can take diverse roles, depending on the needs of its customers.
Fast magazine defines adaptability as the most important skill for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and unpredictable that they are individuals and organizations that can pivot to satisfy the needs of the market, which will really thrive.
The synthesis of ideas, rapid learning and adaptability: three skills where the multiplied ones are very adept, and three skills that could be lost if they're prepared to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest in forcing the multinationals to be themselves.
We have complex problems, multinational right now, and we need no conventional creative thinkers to address them.
Let's say they are, in their heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly knowing that they wanted to be pediatric neurosurgeon.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong with you either.
In fact, some of the best teams are made from a specialist and a mobile started.
The specialist can dive deep and put in practice ideas, and the weather provides an amplitude of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that are embedded with how we're connected.
And unfortunately, for multi-law appliances, they are managed to just be more like their specialized partners.
Once said this, if there's one thing that you take from this talk, I hope it's this: reconstruct with the inner wire, whatever it is.
If you are a heart specialist, then, you spend all the media.
That's where you'll give the best.
But for the multiplexibians in the room, including those that you've just realized about being one of them in the last 12 minutes, I tell you, reconstruct with their many passions.
They follow their curiosity for those rabbits of rabbits.
They explore intersections.
And embracing our internal wires, it leads to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps the most important, multi-touch, the world needs us!
Thank you.
In 1991, a woman named August took a psychiatric in Francesco.
And I was able to slow down and couldn't even remember the most basic details of his life.
Their doctor was called Alaska.
Alaska didn't know how to help Austin, but I was walking for her until, unfortunately, it failed in 1906.
After his death, Alasks made an autopsy, and they found strange plates and events in the Australia brain, a guy who had never seen before.
Even more surprising.
If I had been alive today, we couldn't give her more help than adults gave him 104 years ago.
Alaska was Dr. Alaska Alzheimer.
And August Set, the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer disease.
Since 190, medicine has advanced a lot.
They've discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect ourselves from infection, many of the treatments for cancer, anti-degree for HIV, aesthetics for the carbohydrates and much more.
But it has been programmed in the treatment of Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's for more than a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, to affect 150 million that, by the way, include many of you.
If you expect to live until the 85 years or more, the chance to contract Alzheimer's almost one in two.
In other words, there is the likelihood that they spend their golden years with Alzheimer or helping to take care of a friend or be loved with Alzheimer's.
In America alone, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One out of five dollars of medical care is spent in Alzheimer's disease.
Today is the most expensive disease, and their costs continued to increase a five times in 2050, as I aging the generation of the baby.
I may surprise you, but Alzheimer's is one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to fight.
Today, one of the top 10 killer causes around the world, Alzheimer's is the only one that can't prevent, cure or even slow down its development.
We understand less from Alzheimer's than from other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than in Alzheimer's disease despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer's and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause: lack of consciousness.
Because this is what people know, but everybody should be: Alzheimer's is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 14 years, everyone, even scientists, confuse Alzheimer's with aging.
We think it's going to be serious in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But you only have to look at a picture of a healthy brain in comparison with a patient in Alzheimer's patient to see real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to discovering a severe loss of memory and mental skills, the damage of the brain caused by Alzheimer's significantly reduces life expectancy, and it's always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer found plates and weird edges in the Australia brain, a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know much about this.
Today we know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds as an origami.
There are places in the paper that are sticky.
And when it folds right, these sticky dots end inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots are left on the outside.
This makes the protein molecules stick with each other, forming groups that can form large plates and valves.
That's what we see in the patient's brain with Alzheimer's.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There are many steps, and the identification of what step block is complex, like disabled a bomb.
Correlated a wire could do nothing.
Correlated others can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocks it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, most of you have reduced the wires and expected the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, geneticists, chemicals, physicists, engineers and mathematicians.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process . Now you're testing a new type of drugs that block specifically this step to stop the disease.
I'll show you some of our latest results.
Nobody out of our lab has seen it yet.
Let's see a few videos of what happened when they tested these drugs in worms.
These are the healthy worms, and you can see that they move with normality.
These worms, on the other hand, have protein molecules that are pasted in each other within them, as in humans with Alzheimer's.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms at an early stage, then we see they heal and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial result, but research like this show that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 14 years of waiting, there's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to grow that hope, to sell Alzheimer's, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to be aware that Alzheimer's disease is a disease, and that if we try, we can sell it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and families have been more research and exercise on government, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislators.
That was essential to move on the treatment of HIV in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to sell cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk for themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims, the caregivers of their loved ones day and night, are often too keen to go out and advocate for change.
So, it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's is not, in most cases, a genetic disease.
Everyone with a brain runs risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Austin, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
They help talk for them, and help to demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article in the New York City Modern column in January of this year.
To fall in love with somebody, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and my own experience by testing myself one night last summer.
So the procedure is quite simple: two strangers are moving to make 36 questions more and more personal and then both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions.
Number 12: If you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or ability, what would it be?
Number 28: When was the last time you cry to another person?
And just?
As it goes forward, these are increasingly personal.
Number 30: this really likes -- Tell your partner what you get from him or she -- I know very honest this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to somebody who you've ever met.
When I stumbled on this study a few years ago, a detail really struck me, the joke that two of the participants had married six months later and invited everything from the lab to the ceremony.
So, it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but, of course, I was also intrigued.
And when I had the time to test this study, with somebody who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to love.
However, we fell in love, and I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the Modern Love column a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's already August, so I guess some of you probably ask: follow together yet?
And the reason I think you're questioning this is because I've already asked this question over and over over the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the article was published, it was very nervous.
I'd been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had been told to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog entrance can get to a few hundred views like a lot, and those were usually only from my Facebook friends and imagine that my article in the New York Times would probably reach a few thousand views.
And that covered a good care burden in a relatively new relationship.
But as he gave, I had no idea.
The article was published online at night, and already the Saturday, this happened in the traffic of my blog.
And Sunday, they've already called me the New Show and the American Morbook.
In a month, the article received over eight million views, and I was, to say something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust writing with sync about loving experiences, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people called or writing, what they did every day for weeks, always, did first the same question: still follow together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search in the mailbox of my email with the phrase,``Still follow together? ''
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were students and journalists and strangers like this.
I was interviewed in radio and asked.
Even, I gave a talk, and a woman screamed up to the stage,``Hey Mandela, where is your boyfriend? ''
And I immediately got red.
I understand this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international newspaper, you should expect people to feel comfortable about it.
But I was not prepared for the feedback of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have changed life.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for Valentine Valenti, who included the experiences of readers when I tried different degrees of success.
So, my first impulse to all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we both did a public emergence together.
I record television interviews, and you set up the pictures of pictures of us two.
I think I was afraid of becoming the indigenous icons of the laterato process, a range for which I didn't feel at all.
And I understand that people didn't want to know only if the study worked, they wanted to know if it really worked: if it was able to produce a presidential love, not just one adventure, but real love, portrait love.
But this was a question I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship had just a few months, and I felt, especially, people asked the wrong question.
How do you know if we're going to follow together or not, and also tell you?
If the answer was no, would the experience of doing these 36 more interesting questions?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in the same study in 1997 . And there, the research goal was not to produce romantic love.
Instead, I was looking for to focus on interpersonal students in college students, using what Aaron called Apprehmay Operation sustained, progressive and reciprocal.
Sounds romantic, right?
But the study does work.
The participants felt more close after doing that, and several coastal studies also used the Aristotle's Fast protocol protocol as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between members of police and community, and they've used it between people of opposite political ideology.
The original version of history, which I tried last summer, which combines personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article, but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk at a small university of liberal arts, and then a student came up to me and said to me,``I tried the study and didn't work . ''
He seemed puzzling for it.
And I said,``Do you mean that you love the person with whom you did it? ''
Well he made a pause.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I was, but became better friends?
Did you feel that you were able to know better after testing the study?
The seat.
So it worked ,"I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he looked for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I was stuck with the study for the first time when I was 29 and I was going through a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I was 20, what I was supposed to do most of my adult life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or if I could live without him.
So I got in science.
I research everything I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that that could sort of vaccinate the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the time I thought I just research for the book that I wrote, but in hindsight, it seems really obvious.
I thought if I was pregnant with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad as I felt then.
And all this knowledge has been useful in one way or another.
I'm more patient with love . I'm more relaxed.
I have more confidence to demand what I'm looking for.
But I can also see more clearly, and I can realize that what I'm looking for is sometimes more than I can actually demand myself.
What I'm looking for for love is a guarantee, not just to be loved today and being loved tomorrow, but that it will continue to be loved indefinitely by the person I love.
It may be the guarantee that people ask when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that the media told about 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to fall in love.
There may be a way to somehow mitigate something of the implicit risk, and this is a very scary story, because in love makes us feel wonderful, but it's also terrifying.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story I ask: still follow together?
And their content with an answer of yes or not.
So more than a question, I would propose that we ask more difficult questions, questions like: how do you decide who deserves your love and who right?
How do you stay in love when things are complicated, and how do you know when to cut and distance?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably leads to a relationship? Or even more, how do you live with your partner's doubt?
I don't know necessarily the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone.
So, if you want the brief version of the story of my relationship, it's this one -- a year ago, a met and I apply a study designed to create romantic love, we love, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But in love is not the same thing to stay in love with.
Love is the easy part.
So at the end of my article I wrote: Love didn't happen.
We're in love because we take the choice of being.
And I was a little bit about reading now, not because it's not true, but because at the time, I hadn't considered everything that's supposed to be that choice.
Not to consider how many times we would have both to make that decision, and how many times I will have to keep doing that choice without knowing before if he always chose me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, have chosen to love someone so generous, nice and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest day in the United States.
But what I've done, instead, is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth I don't really think.
And what I'm looking for, and what I might spend my life looking for is that myth is true.
I want the happy ending in the title of my article, which is, by the way, the only part of the article I didn't actually write.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to take love to someone, and hope that he will also love me, and it's terrifying, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a little bit of mountains in the mountain, and in a way, I got like a grandmother in the forest.
In New York City, a time ago, something that really affected me, but more details ahead.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box, and I buried a dollar of a dollar, a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humanoid or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchanging ideas, for example how we eat the spaghetti.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has grace because here I am , 30 years later, and I'm still doing boxes.
At a given moment, I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from exception and make surf and all those weird things -- and I was making a collage for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I threw all the pages, and I made a kind of carved cells to the Agnes Martin style, the resin covered and a bee stuck.
Well, my mother has fear of bees, and it's allergic to them, so I add more resin on the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: somehow it seemed to rise to size, like you would look at the text with a magnifying magnifying . .
So I did? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic, frogs, weird bottles that I was finding on the street, all I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate to them and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can flow away, draw the same as you do around a shift in the crime scene.
And I took the objects and created my own taxi of specimens invented.
First, botanical -- you can make an idea.
Then I did some insects and weird creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the resin layers.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was making some money, to take my girlfriend to dinner, for example, go to Silicon.
It was great, man.
At some point I'm interested at the human form, natural size sculptures with drawings of human beings inside the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I died.
I didn't know what to do, because the resin was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing on glass layers, similar to the drawing in a window, then in another window, and another window, and had all these windows together that formed a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, so I could stop using the resin.
So I did this for years, and my artwork with something very big, that I call``traffic .".
For the tropics, I was inspired by``The Garden of Drill"in``The garden of the Delains ,"which is a painting in the Museum of the meadow in Spain.
You know it?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of your time.
Well, the trick . I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
Five feet long.
It's got double face, so it's 10 meters of composition.
It's a bit weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left is Jesus and the locust.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation, this underworld of analog mesh where they hide.
This is where the creatures with animals of animals are heading on the way, ready to suicide in mass thrown in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is a bird god tied to a cliff.
Billy Graham is in the sea; the horizon -- the Walker Delay oil platform -- the Osama bin Laden shelter, there are all kinds of weird things that can find if you look very well in the ocean.
In all ways, a kind of a multiverse.
It's coming out of the ocean, and I spit oil in a hand while the other hand is coming out.
Their hands are like balance, and it looks like a mythological being that keeps the Earth and the cosmos in equilibrium.
So it's a``triptych . ''
It's a little bit of a narrative.
That's the hand that I spit.
And then, when you go on the other side, you have a trumpet, like a bird peak, and spit clouds from this nose.
It also has a 5,000 feet long, a snake tail that binds``traffic . ''
But anyway, his tail makes fire on a volcano.
I don't know why it happened.
Things that happen, you know.
Their tail ends up in an eye of cheap made of terrorist cards of 1986.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball bike cards.
Very ahead of his time . This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects: One is called psychologists.
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each is an archive of our culture, through media and material, whether it's encyclopedia, dictionaries or magazines.
But each act acts as a kind of archive in a human being, and travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at a time.
They're like cells, they come together, they divide.
And you can walk between them . It's taking me years.
Each one is basically a microscope player that weighs 3,000 pounds with a human trapped inside.
This has a little cave on the chest.
That's the head; it's the chest, you can train the entrance.
I'm going to give you the rest of the body: there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis, or whatever you have, a kind of Andrew thing.
It's a quick refresher of these works because I can't explain to you for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a body party by half.
This has two heads, and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills that come out and go into the head of this strange statue.
There's a little forest scene inside the terrorist cavity.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, like the boxes that we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box.
Inside this box, there's a physicist, a neuroscientist, a painter, a musician, a writer, a radio emitter, a museum, a school, an editorial arm that spread all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We measure the box and all the people in the head with each other as particles.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
When you rebel who it is and the box you're living in.
And together we got to realize that we are all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of countries, from borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very much made of the same matter and the same box.
And if we don't start to exchange those things with sweetness and genetically, we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when your head hurts?
Take an aspirin.
But so that this pill has effect against pain, first goes through the stomach, the intentions and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective system, and it's the most effective system, so that any current drug effect in the body.
The downside, however, is that by bringing any medication to it.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When you take antiretroviral drugs, these serve to decrease the amount of virus in the blood, and increase the movie of CMU cells.
But they're also known for their adverse side effects, mostly negative, because in the time they take to get to the blood stream, they dilute, and worse even for the time they take to get to their destination, which is where it's more important: in the HIV warehouse.
These are body regions like lymph nodes, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is infant-term, and it doesn't easily go into the blood tower of patients that are subjected to regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after the treatment of treatment, virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the great problem of HIV treatment with current drugs that is a lifelong treatment for life.
One day, I sat down and thought,``Could we get the treatment directly to the virus of viruses, without the risk of drugs of drugs? ''
As a scientific expert in lasers, the answer was in front of me: lasers, of course.
If you use in dentistry, for the care of wound and surgery of diabetes, you can use for anything imagined, including the extracellular transportation of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes, which open and close almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
The best you ask,``How is that possible? ''
We send a little and powerful laser ray on the cell membrane infected by HIV, whereas these cells are immersed in a liquid liquid.
The laser pulls the cell, whereas the cell absorbs drugs in a matter of microseconds.
Before you even notice, the hole is reflected immediately.
We're currently testing this kind of vitro technology or dishes, but the goal is to take this technology to the human body, apply to the human body.
\" How is that possible?"you can ask.
Well, the answer is: through a device of three heads.
With the first head, which is our laser, we'll make an incision in the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, goes to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an injection that distributes the drug, releases it directly into the site of infection, whereas the laser is used again to keep the cells open.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot about time.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can lead to total HIV.
Yeah . A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all HIV research -- in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've studied not state armed groups: armed organizations like terrorists, insurgents or military.
I document what these groups do when they're not shooting.
My goal is to understand these generous agents of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to nonviolent confrontation.
I do field work, in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solve almost every conflict in course, because war has changed.
It used to be a dispute between states.
No.
It's now a conflict between states and actors.
For example, from the 266 signed peace agreements between 1975 and 2011 , 1996 was signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups; we should even be involved or defeat them in any process of successful conflict resolution.
But how do you do it?
We need to know what these organizations are.
We know very well the reasons that they fight, how they do it, but nobody sees what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and politicians are not armed.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less to defeat them, without a global view.
The armed groups of today are complex organizations.
For example, the Liberian Height, known for their violent cooling against Israel.
From its creation in the 1980s, Heithouse has also established a political party, a network of social services and a military device.
Similarly, the Hamas Palestinians, known by their suicide attacks against Israel, also management the Gaza Bank since 2007.
So these groups do more than just shooting.
They're multitasking.
They set up a complex communication machinery: radio stations, TV channels, Internet websites and strategies in social networks.
And here you have ISIS magazine, printed in English and published to recruit.
armed groups also invest in a complex fundraising of no heating, but through cost-effective business, for example, building companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand.
armed groups also do something more: they create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they manage hospitals, they put in a professional training program or microbial training programs.
And so I'm offering all these services and more.
armed groups also try to conquer the population by offering something that the state doesn't provide: security and protection.
The lift of the Taliban in an Afghanistan torn by war, or even the beginning of the ISIS ascent, can also understand the efforts of these groups for providing security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an unbearably elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by the government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the electoral victory of 2006 in Palestinian Hamas cannot be understood without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex scenario, even in the West, when we look at the armed groups, we just think of the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are hybrid.
They grow because they fill gaps left by government, and they emerge as armed groups and politicians, participate in the violent struggle and give governance.
And the more complex and sophisticated these organizations are these organizations, the less we can catalog them as a state.
How do you call a group like Hef-cussed?
They dominate part of a territory, manage all their functions, collect the trash, manage the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a rebel group?
Or maybe it's something else, something new and different.
And what is ISIS?
The lines go down.
We live in a world of states, of no state and hybrid, and the weaker states, as in the Middle East, the more they intervene and fill that gap the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to counteract these groups, you'll have to invest more in not military tools.
filling that government gap has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important to set up and build peace.
If we understand the armed groups, we'll understand better what incentives will offer to encourage the transition of violence to non-violence.
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors, military power can win some battles, but it won't give us peace or stability.
To achieve these goals, we need long-term investments to fill that security vacuum, to fill that government gap that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and a feminist.
My opinions on gender equality are female, but I'm afraid I'm going to accept the label of``feminist"would be unfair for the feminist.
I'm a feminist, but pretty bad.
And so I was advertised as a bad feminist.
Or, at least, I wrote an article, and a book called``The Bad feminist ,"and then in the interviews, people started calling me the Meganic Maleum.
So what started as a personal joke destined to myself and a deliberate production, has become bigger.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth, and at the age of 20, I had strange ideas about feminist, these hairy women, angry with men and hated sex . Like that was bad.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, seems a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people when they could be feminist.
Being tagged as a feminist was an accusation, a taboo and a nasty word.
They tagged me as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, that he orders too, with high self-esteem and dare to believe it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman, until it realizes that it's actually that woman and can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing up, I started accepting that I am, in fact, feminist, and also proud of being.
For me, certain claims are inflated: women are equal to men.
We deserve the same paycheck for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, free of harassment or violence.
We have right to use very easy and accessible and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, no need for legislative control or evangelical doctrines.
We have the right to respect.
There's more.
When you talk about women's needs, you have to have our other identities.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, expression of gender, religion and sexuality, social condition, skills and much more.
We have to have these differences and how they affect us, the same way it matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion, our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are evident, but to be clear: I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There are lots of things that make me a bad feminist.
I have another confession.
When I drive to work, I hear a rap music to all volume.
Even though the letter degraded women and offended me deeply, the classic``Salt Share"of the yin Man Twin is incredible.
\" Make it happen with your wet t-shirt.
Perry, give it a movement until you hurt the shell! ''
Think about it.
pure poetry, right?
I'm completely mortified by my musical taste.
I firmly believe in the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including -- all domestic tasks, but also kill insects, garbage recognition, lawns care and machinery maintenance.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
It's enjoying fashion magazines and beautiful things.
I can see``The Bangladesh"and the romantic comedy, and I have plenty of fantastic fantasies of the fairy stories that are made.
Some of my crimes are more decorated.
If a woman wants to adopt his husband's hit, it's his choice, and I'm not who to judge.
If a woman decides to stay home to raise his children, I accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is wired so that makes women economically vulnerable when they choose.
So we solved this problem.
And I reject conventional feminism that has ignored or historically deflect the needs of women in color, workers, homosexuality and transgendered, in favor of white and tall women.
Listen, if that's good feminist, I'm a very bad feminist.
It also happens: as a feminist, I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency of putting feminists down in a pedestal . .
We hope that they go to perfection.
When we're disappointed, we'll slow them down with a lot of taste from the same glue where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster; I consider that pedestal before they try to put me there.
Too many women, particularly innovative and sector leaders, are afraid of being labeled as feminist.
They're afraid to stand up and say,``Yes, I'm feminist ,"by fear of what that tag means, for fear not to be able to accomplish with a little bit of realistic expectations.
Let's take Beijing, or as I call it, the God.
In the last few years, it's a declared feminist.
On the Times Music Alaska , 2014, at MTV, acting in front of the word``feminist ,"three feet tall.
It was a magnificent show, seeing this star of the pop open openly the feminism and making women and young men being feminist is something to be proud.
The time, cultural critics started insiginal arguments if Beijing was or not very much feminist.
They rating their feminism, rather than just believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demand perfection of the feminist, because we're still fighting for much, we want a lot, we need so much.
We go a lot beyond the sensory and constructive critic, to dissect the feminism of any woman, break it until it's nothing left.
We don't need to do that.
The bad feminism, or rather, a more inclusive feminism is the point of departure.
But what happens next?
We go from recognizing our imperfections to realize, move to action and be a little more courageous.
If I hear a graduate music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy by providing limitless supply.
These artists will not change their way of talking about women in their songs until we demand change effectively affecting their gains.
It's certainly difficult.
Why does its music have to be so biased?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions are justify this makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my nieces, three and four years.
These are two magnificent, decisions and brilliant, and also very brave.
They're appreciated by the strong creatures that they are.
I think of them, all of a sudden, the best choice is visible as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program is treating sexual violence against women as sports, go through the Tumor Game.
We can change the radio emitter when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to the movie somewhere else when movies don't treat women more than as decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their partners as box sacks.
In any case, men, especially white men, heterosexual men can say,``No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, participate in your project, or work with you, until you don't include a number of women, so much to participate to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your publication, or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are understanding but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also refuse to be included until more as we are to overcome the barriers to the decisions.
Because we're not the other people, without these efforts, without adopting these positions, our achievements are going to mean very little.
We can make these little acts of courage and hope that our decisions get to the top, the people in the board of directors and movie producers and music, CEOs, legislators, people who can make great decisions, more courageous, to create a lasting and meaningful change.
We can also match our feminism, good, bad, or whatever.
The last line of my book``Bad feminist ,"says,``prefer to be a bad feminist not to be at all . ''
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say, especially, because I used my voice, I was stolen, and the feminism helped me.
There was an incident.
I call it incident to address what happened.
A few kids were folded when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
I was treated like anything.
I started to believe that it was nothing.
They stole my voice, and after all I didn't dare to believe that I could say something that could matter.
But -- I was writing.
And I went back to write.
I was back into a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and women who looked like me and understand what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started thinking that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and feminism, I also discovered that if it was a little bit brave, another woman could hear me and see me, and realize that none of us are the nothing that the world is trying to tell us we are.
In a hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I hold the humble reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist, I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my thinking, what I say and what I do, without leaving everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope that we can all be a little bit courageous, when you need it.
Just after Christmas last year , 132 children in California had measles for having visited Disneyland or to be exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then went through the border with Canada, infected over 100 children in Queens.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with a weakened immune system is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There is an effective vaccine against this for more than half century, but many of the children involved in the Disneyland outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something supposedly even worse: autism.
But a moment, wasn't the article that unleashed the policy about autism and vaccines, declined and marked by being a fraud deliberate by the British Medical Journal?
Don't you think most intelligent scientists that vaccines cause autism is stupid?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents around the world are still afraid that vaccines put in danger to their children to have autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the rise of autism in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician who had heard about it, they believed to develop all their professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, prevalence estimates followed just three or four children per 10,000.
But then in the 1990s, the numbers started shooting.
fundraising organizations like autism Sparts refer to the autism as an epidemic, as if I could take care of another child in Disneyland.
What's going on?
If they're not vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people from the U.S. Disease Control Center, what's going on, they tend to be based on phrases as``broad diagnostic criteria"and``a better detection of cases"to explain these growing figures.
But that kind of language doesn't dissipate a lot of the fears of a young mother who seeks in the face of his two-year-old son, the visual contact.
If the diagnostic criteria had to expand, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s?
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less to do with slow and cautious progress of science than with the seductive power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered, but that story turned out to be false, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact in global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we need to go.
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist, Leo Kanzi, from Johns Hopkins Hospital . In 1947, Kanzi published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to inhabit private worlds, join people around them, even their own parents.
They could be fun for hours by waving their faces into their faces, but they were prey from the panic for lies like when they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
On the basis of patients treated in their clinic, Kanzi speculated that autism is very rare.
By the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the subject, declared that he had seen less than 150 true cases of their syndrome as they collected reference from places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not surprising, because the Kangin's criteria for autism diagnosis were very restrictive.
For example, I wanted to give that diagnosis to children with convulsions, but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism.
He once became realized that he had become nine out of 10 children sent by other doctors to her consultant for being autistic without giving them an autism diagnosis.
Kanzi was a smart man, but part of his theories were not close.
It classify autism as a form of child psychosis caused by cold and crazy parents.
These kids, he said, have been carefully kept in a refrigerator that doesn't disconnect.
At the same time, though, Kanzi noticed that some of their young patients had special skills that are suffering in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies before we were two.
When his mother put one of his favorite records, he properly said,``Beethoven . ''
But Kanzi had a bad opinion of these skills, affirming things like kids were just regurgitating what they had heard their parents, desperate to win their approval.
As a result, autism became source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible for the world in general.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s that researchers started testing the Kanzi theory that autism was weird.
Lord Wind-sea, the cognitive psychologist of London, thought that the theory of neighboring mothers in Kanzi was pretty stupid.
She and his husband John were warm and affectionate, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Susie.
Lord and John knew how hard it was to raise a child like Susie without support services, without special education, without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Health Service that they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, Lourness and his colleague Judith Gould decided to do something that should have done 30 years before.
They did a research study in general population.
They persuaded a London suburb called Christmas to try to find the autistic children in the community.
What they saw was clear that the Kanzi model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some children couldn't speak at all, while others were embedded in their fascination for astrophysics, in dinosaurs or the gene of the reality.
Otherwise, these kids didn't fit in beautiful and killed squares, as Judy said, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the monolithic model of Kanzi would have predicted.
At first, they were lost for trying to make sense of their data.
How did no one have perceived these kids before?
But then Luria found a reference to a published article in Germany in 1984, the year next to Kanzi's article, and then forgot, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kanzi knew about this article of competition, but he avoided a lot of it in his own work.
There wasn't even a translation to English, but luckily, the husband of Lord spoke German, and he translated it for her.
The document provides an alternative history of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Approximation, who ran an integrated clinic with an internal school in Vienna in the 1930s.
The ideas of Asperger for children's teaching were progressive even for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with kind of exercises with music, and children follow their games the Sunday afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism, Asperger described it as a lifelong political disability that required compassionate forms of support and spaces adapted during the course of life.
Instead of treating children in their clinic as patients, Asperger called their little teachers, and decided to help in developing methods of education that were especially suitable for them.
Now, fundamentally, Asperger saw autism as a diverse continuum that would tackle a surprising variety of gifts and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common, and they've always been, looking at the aspects of this continuum in known architecture in the pop culture like the awkward social scientist and the distracted teacher.
He went beyond even to say, that for success in science and art, a fish of autism is essential.
Lord and Judy discovered that Kanzi was wrong that autism was infinite, as well as the parents were the causal.
Over the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association of psychiatry to extend the criteria of the diagnosis of what they called``autistic spectrum . ''
In the late 1980s and early '90s, their changes came in to visit, replace the limited model of Kanzi by a wide and inclusive Asperger.
These changes don't fall in broken salt.
And coincidentally, when Lord and Judy worked in the basis to reform these criteria, people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before it would go out,``Rain Man"in 1988, just a little circle, to be locked up by experts knew what the autism was, but after the infamous development of Duck Man, like Ramard Babbage and the recognition of``Rain Man"with four prize prize, pediatrician, psychologists, teachers and fathers around the world knew what the autism was
At the same time, the first easy clinical trials to use to diagnose autism.
I should no longer have a connection to that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for her son.
The combination of``Rain Man"changes, and the introduction of these trials created a network effect, a perfect storm of autism awareness.
The number of diagnostics began to rise, just like they predicted Lord and Judy, and they actually expected it to be, getting people with autism and their families finally got the support and services that deserve.
So Andrew Wathard came to blame the vaccines because of the rise in diagnostics, a simple, powerful, self-death, credible history, as bad as the Kanta theory that autism was infinite.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one in 68 children in America are in the spectrum, it's right, autism is one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have joined the Internet to reject the idea that the puzzles are to solve by the new medical advances, taking the term``neuromodulators"to celebrate the variety of human cognition.
One way of understanding neurogenesis is to think in terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows, it doesn't mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily dramatic, socially social, and suffers from an attention deficit to details.
Indeed, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Asperger, who believed that the cure for the most unacceptable aspects of autism is found in understanding teachers, employers with capacity, support communities, and parents with faith in their children's potential.
An autistic woman named physicist Zappos once said,``We need all the hands in covered to lift the boat of humanity . ''
As we navigate to an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste or a brain.
Thank you.
